AB Global Risk Allocation-Moderate Portfolio
<head_breaker>

AB VPS GLOBAL RISK ALLOCATION--MODERATE PORTFOLIO
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The Portfolio's investment objective is to seek long term growth of capital
while seeking to limit volatility.

FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE PORTFOLIO

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold
shares of the Portfolio. Because the information does not reflect deductions at
the separate account level or contract level for any charges that may be
incurred under a contract, Contractholders that invest in the Portfolio should
refer to the variable contract prospectus for a description of fees and
expenses that apply to Contractholders. Inclusion of these charges would
increase the fees and expenses provided below.


SHAREHOLDER FEES (fees paid directly from your investment)
N/A

ANNUAL PORTFOLIO OPERATING EXPENSES (expenses that you pay each year as a
percentage of the value of your investment)


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                     <C>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Management Fees                                                           .60%
Other Expenses:
 Transfer Agent                                                           .00%(a)
 Other Expenses                                                           .34%
                                                                        ------
Total Other Expenses                                                      .34%
                                                                        ------
Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses                                           .12%
                                                                        ------
Total Portfolio Operating Expenses Before Fee Waiver and/or Expense
 Reimbursement                                                           1.06%
                                                                        ======
Fee Waiver and Expense Reimbursement(b)                                 (.31)%
                                                                        ------
Total Portfolio Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense
 Reimbursement                                                            .75%
                                                                        ======
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


(a)Less than .01%.


(b)The Adviser has contractually agreed to waive its management fees and/or to
   bear expenses of the Portfolio (including the Portfolio's proportionate
   share of the fees and expenses of registered investment companies or series
   thereof in which the Portfolio invests) through May 1, 2019, unless such
   arrangement is terminated by the Board of Directors of the AB Variable
   Products Series (VPS) Fund, Inc. prior to the expiration date, to the extent
   necessary to prevent total Portfolio operating expenses (excluding interest
   expense, taxes, extraordinary expenses, expenses associated with securities
   sold short, and brokerage commissions and other transaction costs), on an
   annualized basis, from exceeding .75% of average daily net assets ("expense
   limitation"). Any fees waived and expenses borne by the Adviser through
   April 27, 2018 may be reimbursed by the Portfolio until the end of the third
   fiscal year after the fiscal period in which the fee was waived or the
   expense was borne, provided that no reimbursement payment will be made that
   would cause the Portfolio's Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses to exceed
   the expense limitation.




EXAMPLES

The Examples are intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the
Portfolio with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Examples assume
that you invest $10,000 in the Portfolio for the time periods indicated and
then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The Examples also
assume that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Portfolio's
operating expenses stay the same and that any expense limitation remains in
effect for only the first year. Although your actual costs may be higher or
lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:



<TABLE>
<S>                                                                     <C>
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
After 1 Year                                                            $   77
After 3 Years                                                           $  306
After 5 Years                                                           $  555
After 10 Years                                                          $1,266
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


PORTFOLIO TURNOVER

The Portfolio pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys or
sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover
rate may indicate higher transaction costs. These transaction costs, which are
not reflected in the Annual Portfolio Operating Expenses or in the Examples,
affect the Portfolio's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the
Portfolio's portfolio turnover rate was 59% of the average value of its
portfolio.


                                                                             47

<PAGE>



PRINCIPAL STRATEGIES
In making decisions on the allocation of assets among "growth assets" and
"safety assets", the Adviser will use a risk-weighted allocation methodology
based on the expected "tail risk" of each asset class. For purposes of the
Portfolio, growth assets include global equities and, at times, high yield
fixed-income securities (commonly known as "junk bonds"), and safety assets
include government securities of developed countries. This strategy attempts to
provide investors with favorable long-term total return while minimizing
exposure to material or "tail" losses. To execute this strategy, the percentage
loss that will constitute a tail loss is calculated for each asset class based
on historical market behavior and on a forward-looking basis through options
prices. Portfolio assets are then allocated among asset classes so that growth
assets contribute the majority of the expected risk of tail loss ("tail risk")
of the Portfolio, and safety assets contribute a lesser amount of tail risk.
The Adviser will make frequent adjustments to the Portfolio's asset class
exposures based on these tail risk determinations. To help limit tail risk, the
Portfolio will utilize a risk management strategy involving the purchase of put
options and sale of call options on equity indices, equity index futures or
exchange-traded funds, or ETFs. The Adviser will on a best efforts basis seek
to limit the volatility of the Portfolio to no more than 10% on an annualized
basis. Actual results may vary.

The Adviser will also assess tail risk on a security, sector and country basis,
and make adjustments to the Portfolio's allocations within each asset class
when practicable. The Portfolio may invest in fixed-income securities with a
range of maturities from short- to long-term. The Adviser expects that the
Portfolio's investments in high yield fixed-income securities will not exceed
10% of the Portfolio's net assets. The Portfolio's investments in each asset
class will generally be global in nature.

The Adviser expects to utilize a variety of derivatives in its management of
the Portfolio, including futures contracts, options, swaps and forwards.
Derivatives often provide more efficient and economical exposure to market
segments than direct investments, and the Portfolio may utilize derivatives and
ETFs to gain exposure to equity and fixed-income asset classes. Because
derivatives transactions frequently require cash outlays that are only a small
portion of the amount of exposure obtained through the derivative, a portion of
the Portfolio's assets may be held in cash or invested in cash equivalents to
cover the Portfolio's derivatives obligations, such as short-term U.S.
Government and agency securities, repurchase agreements and money market funds.
At times, a combination of direct securities investments and derivatives will
be used to gain asset class exposure so that the Portfolio's aggregate exposure
will substantially exceed its net assets (i.e., so that the Portfolio is
effectively leveraged).

Currency exchange rate fluctuations can have a dramatic impact on returns. The
Adviser may seek to hedge all or a portion of the currency exposure resulting
from Portfolio investments through currency-related derivatives, or decide not
to hedge this exposure.

PRINCIPAL RISKS
.  MARKET RISK: The value of the Portfolio's investments will fluctuate as the
   stock or bond market fluctuates. The value of its investments may decline,
   sometimes rapidly and unpredictably, simply because of economic changes or
   other events that affect large portions of the market.

.  ALLOCATION RISK: The allocation of investments among asset classes may have
   a significant effect on the Portfolio's net asset value, or NAV, when the
   asset classes in which the Portfolio has invested more heavily perform worse
   than the asset classes invested in less heavily.

.  INTEREST RATE RISK: Changes in interest rates will affect the value of
   investments in fixed-income securities. When interest rates rise, the value
   of existing investments in fixed-income securities tends to fall and this
   decrease in value may not be offset by higher income from new investments.
   The Portfolio may be subject to heightened interest rate risk due to rising
   rates as the current period of historically low interest rates may be
   ending. Interest rate risk is generally greater for fixed-income securities
   with longer maturities or durations.


.  CREDIT RISK: An issuer or guarantor of a fixed-income security, or the
   counterparty to a derivatives or other contract, may be unable or unwilling
   to make timely payments of interest or principal, or to otherwise honor its
   obligations. The issuer or guarantor may default, causing a loss of the full
   principal amount of a security and accrued interest. The degree of risk for
   a particular security may be reflected in its credit rating. There is the
   possibility that the credit rating of a fixed-income security may be
   downgraded after purchase, which may adversely affect the value of the
   security.


.  HIGH YIELD SECURITIES RISK: Investments in fixed-income securities with
   ratings below investment grade (commonly known as "junk bonds") tend to have
   a higher probability that an issuer will default or fail to meet its payment
   obligations. These securities may be subject to greater price volatility due
   to such factors as specific corporate developments, interest rate
   sensitivity, negative perceptions of the junk bond market generally and less
   secondary market liquidity.

.  FOREIGN (NON-U.S.) RISK: Investments in securities of non-U.S. issuers may
   involve more risk than those of U.S. issuers. These securities may fluctuate
   more widely in price and may be less liquid due to adverse market, economic,
   political, regulatory or other factors.

.  CURRENCY RISK: Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect
   the value of the Portfolio's investments or reduce its returns.

48

<PAGE>



.  INVESTMENT IN OTHER INVESTMENT COMPANIES RISK: As with other investments,
   investments in other investment companies, including ETFs, are subject to
   market and selection risk. In addition, Contractholders of the Portfolio
   bear both their proportionate share of expenses in the Portfolio (including
   management fees) and, indirectly, the expenses of the investment companies.

.  DERIVATIVES RISK: Derivatives may be illiquid, difficult to price, and
   leveraged so that small changes may produce disproportionate losses for the
   Portfolio, and may be subject to counterparty risk to a greater degree than
   more traditional investments. Transactions intended to hedge fluctuations in
   the values of the portfolios positions will typically limit the opportunity
   for gain.

.  LEVERAGE RISK: Because the Portfolio uses leveraging techniques, its NAV may
   be more volatile because leverage tends to exaggerate the effect of changes
   in interest rates and any increase or decrease in the value of the
   Portfolio's investments.

.  LIQUIDITY RISK: Liquidity risk occurs when certain investments become
   difficult to purchase or sell. Difficulty in selling less liquid securities
   may result in sales at disadvantageous prices affecting the value of your
   investment in the Portfolio. Causes of liquidity risk may include low
   trading volumes and large positions. Foreign fixed-income securities may
   have more liquidity risk because secondary trading markets for these
   securities may be smaller and less well-developed and the securities may
   trade less frequently. Liquidity risk may be higher in a rising interest
   rate environment, when the value and liquidity of fixed-income securities
   generally decline.

.  NON-DIVERSIFICATION RISK: The Portfolio may have more risk because it is
   "non-diversified", meaning that it can invest more of its assets in a
   smaller number of issuers. Accordingly, changes in the value of a single
   security may have a more significant effect, either negative or positive, on
   the Portfolio's NAV.

.  MANAGEMENT RISK: The Portfolio is subject to management risk because it is
   an actively-managed investment fund. The Adviser will apply its investment
   techniques and risk analyses in making investment decisions for the
   Portfolio, but there is no guarantee that its techniques will produce the
   intended results.

As with all investments, you may lose money by investing in the Portfolio.

BAR CHART AND PERFORMANCE INFORMATION
The bar chart and performance information provide an indication of the
historical risk of an investment in the Portfolio by showing:


.  how the Portfolio's performance changed from year to year over the life of
   the Portfolio; and


.  how the Portfolio's average annual returns for one year and since inception
   compare to those of a broad-based securities market index.

The performance information does not take into account separate account
charges. If separate account charges were included, an investor's return would
be lower. The Portfolio's past performance, of course, does not necessarily
indicate how it will perform in the future.

BAR CHART


                                    [CHART]

                             Calendar Year End (%)

  08      09      10      11      12      13      14     15       16        17
 ----    ----    ----    ----    ----    ----    ----   ----     -----    ------
  n/a     n/a     n/a     n/a     n/a     n/a     n/a    n/a     4.39%    11.87%




During the period shown in the bar chart, the Portfolio's:


BEST QUARTER WAS UP 3.48%, 1ST QUARTER, 2017; AND WORST QUARTER WAS DOWN
-1.06%, 1ST QUARTER, 2016.


                                                                             49

<PAGE>



PERFORMANCE TABLE
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS

(For the periods ended December 31, 2017)



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        SINCE
                                                               1 YEAR INCEPTION*
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>    <C>
Portfolio                                                      11.87%   3.55%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MSCI World Index (net) (U.S. Dollar hedged)
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)           19.13%   8.21%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
60% MSCI World Index (U.S. Dollar hedged)/40% Bloomberg
 Barclays Global G7 Treasury Index (U.S. Dollar hedged)**
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)           12.05%   5.88%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


 * Since inception return is from April 28, 2015.

** The performance table includes an additional index that shows how the
   Portfolio's performance compares with a composite index comprised of a broad
   equity index and an investment grade government bond index.

INVESTMENT ADVISER
AllianceBernstein L.P. is the investment adviser for the Portfolio.

PORTFOLIO MANAGERS
The following table lists the persons responsible for day-to-day management of
the Portfolio's portfolio:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EMPLOYEE         LENGTH OF SERVICE  TITLE
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>              <C>                <C>
Daniel J. Loewy     Since 2016      Senior Vice President of the Adviser

Leon Zhu            Since 2015      Senior Vice President of the Adviser
</TABLE>

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

For important information about the purchase and sale of Portfolio shares, tax
information and financial intermediary compensation, please turn to ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION ABOUT PURCHASE AND SALE OF PORTFOLIO SHARES, TAXES AND FINANCIAL
INTERMEDIARIES, page 51 in this Prospectus.