American Funds Tax-Advantaged Growth and Income Portfolio
<head_breaker>

American Funds Tax-Advantaged Growth and Income Portfolio

Investment objective The fund’s investment objective is to provide current income, a portion of which is exempt from regular federal income tax, while secondarily striving for long-term growth of capital.

Fees and expenses of the fund This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund. In addition to the fees and expenses described below, you may also be required to pay brokerage commissions on purchases and sales of Class F-2 or F-3 shares of the fund. You may qualify for a Class A sales charge discount if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $100,000 in American Funds. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, in the “Sales charge reductions and waivers” sections on page 76 of the prospectus and on page 96 of the fund’s statement of additional information, and in the sales charge waiver appendix to this prospectus.

 	 	 	 	 
Shareholder fees (fees paid directly from your investment)
Share class:	A	C	T	All F share
classes
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on
purchases (as a percentage of offering price)	3.75%	none	2.50%	none
Maximum deferred sales charge (load)
(as a percentage of the amount redeemed)	1.001	1.00%	none	none
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on
reinvested dividends	none	none	none	none
Redemption or exchange fees	none	none	none	none
 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Annual fund operating expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
Share class:	A	C	T	F-1	F-2	F-3
Management fees	none	none	none	none	none	none
Distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees	0.29%2	1.00%	0.25%	0.25%	none	none
Other expenses	0.12	0.12	0.123	0.14	0.14%	0.03%3
Acquired (underlying) fund fees and expenses	0.34	0.34	0.34	0.34	0.34	0.34
Total annual fund operating expenses	0.75	1.46	0.71	0.73	0.48	0.37
1 A contingent deferred sales charge of 1.00% applies on certain redemptions made within 18 months following purchases of $1 million or more made without an initial sales charge. Contingent deferred sales charge is calculated based on the lesser of the offering price and market value of shares being sold.

2 Restated to reflect current fees.

3 Based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year.

33     American Funds Portfolio Series / Prospectus


 
 
 

Example This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the fund’s operating expenses remain the same. You may be required to pay brokerage commissions on your purchases and sales of Class F-2 or F-3 shares of the fund, which are not reflected in the example. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Share class:	A	C	T	F-1	F-2	F-3	For the share classes listed	Share class:	C
1 year	$ 449	$ 249	$ 321	$ 75	$ 49	$ 38	to the right, you would pay	1 year	$ 149
3 years	606	462	471	233	154	119	the following if you did not	3 years	462
5 years	776	797	635	406	269	208	redeem your shares:	5 years	797
10 years	1,270	1,746	1,110	906	604	468	 	10 years	1,746
Portfolio turnover The fund may pay transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s investment results. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 13% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal investment strategies The fund will attempt to achieve its investment objective by investing in a mix of American Funds in different combinations and weightings. The underlying American Funds will typically seek to generate income from their investments and may include growth-and-income, equity-income, balanced and bond funds.

Through its investments in the underlying funds, the fund will have significant exposure to dividend-paying stocks. The fund will seek exposure to issuers domiciled outside the United States, including those domiciled in emerging markets. The investment adviser believes that exposure to issuers domiciled outside the United States can help provide diversification when seeking current income and long-term growth of capital.

With respect to its fixed-income investments, the fund will seek to generate a material portion of its current income from underlying funds that invest in bonds that are exempt from regular income tax, such as municipal bonds. Some of these bonds may have credit and liquidity support features, including guarantees and letters of credit. In addition, an underlying bond fund may invest significantly in municipal obligations of multiple issuers in the same state or backed by revenues of similar types of projects.

The underlying funds in which the fund invests may hold debt securities with a wide range of maturities. The fund may invest in underlying funds with significant exposure to bonds rated BB+ or below and Ba1 or below by Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations designated by the fund’s investment adviser, or unrated but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality. Securities rated BB+ or below and Ba1 or below are sometimes referred to as “junk bonds.” Exposure to lower rated securities may help the fund achieve its objective of providing current income.

The underlying funds may hold securities issued and guaranteed by the U.S. government, securities issued by federal agencies and instrumentalities and securities backed by mortgages or other assets. The underlying funds may also invest in the debt securities of governments, agencies, corporations and other entities domiciled outside the United States.

The fund’s investment adviser seeks to create combinations of underlying funds that complement each other with a goal of achieving the fund’s investment objective of providing current income, a portion of which is exempt from regular federal income tax, while secondarily striving for long-term growth of capital. In making this determination, the fund’s investment adviser considers the historical volatility and returns of the underlying funds and how various combinations would have behaved in past market environments. It also considers, among other topics, current market conditions and the investment positions of the underlying funds.

The fund’s investment adviser periodically reviews the investment strategies and asset mix of the underlying funds. The investment adviser will also consider whether overall market conditions would favor a change in the exposure of the fund to various asset types or geographic regions. Based on these considerations, the investment adviser may make adjustments to underlying fund holdings by adjusting the percentage of individual underlying funds within the fund, or adding or removing underlying funds. The investment adviser may also determine not to change the underlying fund allocations, particularly in response to short-term market movements, if in its opinion the combination of underlying funds is appropriate to meet the fund’s investment objective.

American Funds Portfolio Series / Prospectus     34


 
 
 

Principal risks This section describes the principal risks associated with the fund’s and its underlying funds’ principal investment strategies. You may lose money by investing in the fund. The likelihood of loss may be greater if you invest for a shorter period of time. Investors in the fund should have a long-term perspective and be able to tolerate potentially sharp declines in value.

The following are principal risks associated with the fund’s investment strategies.

Allocation risk — Investments in the fund are subject to risks related to the investment adviser’s allocation choices. The selection of the underlying funds and the allocation of the fund’s assets could cause the fund to lose value or its results to lag relevant benchmarks or other funds with similar objectives.

Fund structure — The fund invests in underlying funds and incurs expenses related to the underlying funds. In addition, investors in the fund will incur fees to pay for certain expenses related to the operations of the fund. An investor holding the underlying funds directly and in the same proportions as the fund would incur lower overall expenses but would not receive the benefit of the portfolio management and other services provided by the fund.

Underlying fund risks — Because the fund’s investments consist of underlying funds, the fund’s risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. For this reason, it is important to understand the risks associated with investing in the underlying funds, as described below.

The following are principal risks associated with the underlying funds’ investment strategies.

Market conditions — The prices of, and the income generated by, the common stocks, bonds and other securities held by the underlying funds may decline – sometimes rapidly or unpredictably – due to various factors, including events or conditions affecting the general economy or particular industries; overall market changes; local, regional or global political, social or economic instability; governmental or governmental agency responses to economic conditions; and currency exchange rate, interest rate and commodity price fluctuations.

Issuer risks — The prices of, and the income generated by, securities held by the underlying funds may decline in response to various factors directly related to the issuers of such securities, including reduced demand for an issuer’s goods or services, poor management performance and strategic initiatives such as mergers, acquisitions or dispositions and the market response to any such initiatives.

Investing in debt instruments — The prices of, and the income generated by, bonds and other debt securities held by an underlying fund may be affected by changing interest rates and by changes in the effective maturities and credit ratings of these securities.

Rising interest rates will generally cause the prices of bonds and other debt securities to fall. Falling interest rates may cause an issuer to redeem, call or refinance a debt security before its stated maturity, which may result in the fund having to reinvest the proceeds in lower yielding securities. Longer maturity debt securities generally have greater sensitivity to changes in interest rates and may be subject to greater price fluctuations than shorter maturity debt securities.

Bonds and other debt securities are also subject to credit risk, which is the possibility that the credit strength of an issuer will weaken and/or an issuer of a debt security will fail to make timely payments of principal or interest and the security will go into default. Credit risk is gauged, in part, by the credit ratings of the debt securities in which the underlying fund invests. However, ratings are only the opinions of the rating agencies issuing them and are not guarantees as to credit quality or an evaluation of market risk. The underlying funds’ investment adviser relies on its own credit analysts to research issuers and issues in seeking to mitigate various credit and default risks.

Investing in lower rated debt instruments — Lower rated bonds and other lower rated debt securities generally have higher rates of interest and involve greater risk of default or price declines due to changes in the issuer’s creditworthiness than those of higher quality debt securities. The market prices of these securities may fluctuate more than the prices of higher quality debt securities and may decline significantly in periods of general economic difficulty. These risks may be increased with respect to investments in junk bonds.

Investing in growth-oriented stocks — Growth-oriented common stocks and other equity-type securities (such as preferred stocks, convertible preferred stocks and convertible bonds) may involve larger price swings and greater potential for loss than other types of investments.

Investing in income-oriented stocks — Income provided by an underlying fund may be reduced by changes in the dividend policies of, and the capital resources available for dividend payments at, the companies in which the underlying fund invests.

Investing outside the United States — Securities of issuers domiciled outside the United States, or with significant operations or revenues outside the United States, may lose value because of adverse political, social, economic or market developments (including social instability, regional conflicts, terrorism and war) in the countries or regions in which the issuers operate or generate revenue. These securities may also lose value due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar and/or currencies of other countries. Issuers of these securities may be more susceptible to actions of foreign governments, such as the imposition of price controls or punitive taxes, that could adversely impact the value of these securities. Securities markets in certain countries may be more volatile and/or less liquid than those in the United States. Investments outside the United States may also be subject to different accounting practices and different regulatory, legal and reporting standards and practices, and may be more difficult to value, than those in the United States. In addition, the value of investments outside the United States may be reduced by foreign taxes, including foreign withholding taxes on interest and dividends. Further, there may be increased risks of delayed settlement of securities purchased or sold by an underlying fund. The risks of investing outside the United States may be heightened in connection with investments in emerging markets.

35     American Funds Portfolio Series / Prospectus


 
 
 

Investing in emerging markets — Investing in emerging markets may involve risks in addition to and greater than those generally associated with investing in the securities markets of developed countries. For instance, developing countries may have less developed legal and accounting systems than those in developed countries. The governments of these countries may be less stable and more likely to impose capital controls, nationalize a company or industry, place restrictions on foreign ownership and on withdrawing sale proceeds of securities from the country, and/or impose punitive taxes that could adversely affect the prices of securities. In addition, the economies of these countries may be dependent on relatively few industries that are more susceptible to local and global changes. Securities markets in these countries can also be relatively small and have substantially lower trading volumes. As a result, securities issued in these countries may be more volatile and less liquid, and may be more difficult to value, than securities issued in countries with more developed economies and/or markets. Less certainty with respect to security valuations may lead to additional challenges and risks in calculating the underlying fund’s net asset value. Additionally, there may be increased settlement risks for transactions in local securities.

Investing in municipal securities — The yield and/or value of the fund’s investments in municipal securities may be adversely affected by events tied to the municipal securities markets, which can be very volatile and significantly impacted by unfavorable legislative or political developments and negative changes in the financial conditions of municipal securities issuers and the economy. To the extent the fund invests in obligations of a municipal issuer, the volatility, credit quality and performance of the fund may be adversely impacted by local political and economic conditions of the issuer. For example, a credit rating downgrade, bond default or bankruptcy involving an issuer within a particular state or territory could affect the market values and marketability of many or all municipal obligations of that state or territory. Income from municipal securities held by the fund could also be declared taxable because of changes in tax laws or interpretations by taxing authorities or as a result of noncompliant conduct of a municipal issuer. Additionally, the relative amount of publicly available information about municipal securities is generally less than that for corporate securities.

Investing in similar municipal bonds — Investing significantly in municipal obligations of multiple issuers in the same state or backed by revenues of similar types of projects or industries may make an underlying fund more susceptible to certain economic, political or regulatory occurrences. As a result, the potential for fluctuations in the underlying fund’s share price may increase.

Liquidity risk — Certain underlying fund holdings may be deemed to be less liquid or illiquid because they cannot be readily sold without significantly impacting the value of the holdings. Liquidity risk may result from the lack of an active market for a holding, legal or contractual restrictions on resale, or the reduced number and capacity of market participants to make a market in such holding. Market prices for less liquid or illiquid holdings may be volatile, and reduced liquidity may have an adverse impact on the market price of such holdings. Additionally, the sale of less liquid or illiquid holdings may involve substantial delays (including delays in settlement) and additional costs and the underlying fund may be unable to sell such holdings when necessary to meet its liquidity needs.

Credit and liquidity support — Changes in the credit quality of banks and financial institutions providing credit and liquidity support features with respect to securities held by the underlying fund could cause the values of these securities to decline.

Investing in similar municipal bonds — Investing significantly in municipal obligations of multiple issuers in the same state or backed by revenues of similar types of projects or industries may make an underlying fund more susceptible to certain economic, political or regulatory occurrences. As a result, the potential for fluctuations in the underlying fund’s share price may increase.

Management — The investment adviser to the fund and to the underlying funds actively manages each underlying fund’s investments. Consequently, the underlying funds are subject to the risk that the methods and analyses employed by the investment adviser in this process may not produce the desired results. This could cause an underlying fund to lose value or its investment results to lag relevant benchmarks or other funds with similar objectives.

Your investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. You should consider how this fund fits into your overall investment program.

American Funds Portfolio Series / Prospectus     36


 
 
 

Investment results The following bar chart shows how the fund’s investment results have varied from year to year, and the following table shows how the fund’s average annual total returns for various periods compare with a broad measure of securities market results and other applicable measures of market results. This information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The fund has selected to add the S&P 500 Index and the MSCI All Country World ex USA Index as dual primary indexes with the Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond Index. These additions will provide a better range of comparison benchmarks to measure the series' objective. The Lipper Mixed-Asset Target Allocation Moderate Funds Index includes funds that disclose investment objectives and/or strategies reasonably comparable to those of the fund. Past investment results (before and after taxes) are not predictive of future investment results. Updated information on the fund’s investment results can be obtained by visiting americanfunds.com.



 	 	 	 	 
Average annual total returns For the periods ended December 31, 2017 (with maximum sales charge):
Share class	Inception date	1 year	5 years	Lifetime
A — Before taxes	5/18/2012	9.98%	7.51%	8.41%
— After taxes on distributions	 	9.34	7.10	7.99
— After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares	 	6.88	6.24	6.98
 	 	 	 	 
Share classes (before taxes)	Inception date	1 year	5 years	Lifetime
C	5/18/2012	12.37%	7.56%	8.38%
F-1	5/18/2012	14.20	8.35	9.18
F-2	5/18/2012	14.42	8.64	9.45
 	 	 	 
Indexes	1 year	5 years	Lifetime
(from Class A inception)
S&P 500 Index (reflects no deductions for sales charges, account fees, expenses or U.S. federal income taxes)	21.83%	15.79%	16.19%
MSCI® All Country World ex USA Index (reflects no deductions for sales charges, account fees, expenses or U.S. federal income taxes)	27.19	6.80	9.39
Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond Index (reflects no deductions for sales charges, account fees, expenses or U.S. federal income taxes)	5.45	3.02	3.22
Lipper Mixed-Asset Target Allocation Moderate Funds Index (reflects no deductions for sales charges, account fees or U.S. federal income taxes)	13.37	7.89	8.68
After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares; after-tax returns for other share classes will vary. After-tax returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect during each year of the periods shown and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your individual tax situation and likely will differ from the results shown above. In addition, after-tax returns are not relevant if you hold your fund shares through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan, individual retirement account (IRA) or 529 college savings plan.

37     American Funds Portfolio Series / Prospectus


 
 
 

Management

Investment adviser Capital Research and Management CompanySM

Portfolio oversight committee The investment adviser’s Portfolio Oversight Committee develops the allocation approach and selects the underlying funds in which the fund invests. The members of the Portfolio Oversight Committee are:

 	 	 
Investment professional/
Series title (if applicable)	Investment professional
experience in this fund	Primary title with investment adviser
Bradley J. Vogt Vice Chairman of the Board	6 years	Partner – Capital Research Global Investors
Alan N. Berro Senior Vice President	6 years	Partner – Capital World Investors
Joanna F. Jonsson Senior Vice President	4 years	Partner – Capital World Investors
James B. Lovelace Senior Vice President	6 years	Partner – Capital Research Global Investors
Wesley Phoa Senior Vice President	6 years	Partner – Capital Fixed Income Investors
John H. Smet Senior Vice President	6 years	Partner – Capital Fixed Income Investors
Andrew B. Suzman Senior Vice President	6 years	Partner – Capital World Investors
Purchase and sale of fund shares The minimum amount to establish an account for all share classes is normally $250 and the minimum to add to an account is $50. For a payroll deduction retirement plan account, payroll deduction savings plan account or employer-sponsored 529 account, the minimum is $25 to establish or add to an account. For accounts with Class F-3 shares held and serviced by the fund’s transfer agent, the minimum investment amount is $1,000,000.

If you are a retail investor, you may sell (redeem) shares on any business day through your dealer or financial advisor or by writing to American Funds Service Company® at P.O. Box 6007, Indianapolis, Indiana 46206-6007; telephoning American Funds Service Company at (800) 421-4225; faxing American Funds Service Company at (888) 421-4351; or accessing our website at americanfunds.com. Please contact your plan administrator or recordkeeper to sell (redeem) shares from your retirement plan.

Tax information Dividends and capital gain distributions you receive from the fund are subject to federal income taxes and may also be subject to state and local taxes, unless you are tax-exempt or your account is tax-favored.

Fund distributions of interest on municipal bonds held by the underlying funds are generally not subject to federal income tax. However, the fund may distribute taxable dividends, including distributions of short-term capital gains, which are subject to federal taxation as ordinary income. To the extent an underlying fund is permitted to invest in bonds subject to federal alternative minimum tax, interest on certain bonds may be subject to federal alternative minimum tax. The fund’s distributions of net long-term capital gains are taxable as long-term capital gains for federal income tax purposes.

Payments to broker-dealers and other financial intermediaries If you purchase shares of the fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the fund and the fund’s distributor or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your individual financial advisor to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your individual financial advisor or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.