BBH Limited Duration Fund
<head_breaker>

BBH LIMITED DURATION FUND SUMMARY
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The investment objective of the BBH Limited Duration Fund (the “Fund”) is to provide maximum total return, consistent with preservation of capital and prudent investment management.
FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE FUND
The table below describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold the Fund’s Class N and Class I shares.

Shareholder Fees

(Fees paid directly from your investment)
 	 	    	Class N
    	Class I
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a percentage of offering price)
    	    	    	None	    	None
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load)
    	    	    	None	    	None
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Reinvested Dividends
    	    	    	None	    	None
Redemption Fee (as a percentage of amount redeemed, if applicable)
    	    	    	None	    	None
Exchange Fee
    	    	    	None	    	None
 

3
 
 



Annual Fund Operating Expenses

(Expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	 	 	Class N
 	Class I
Management Fees
 	 	 	 		0.26%	 	 	 	0.26%
Distribution (12b-1) Fees
 	 	 	None	 	None
Other Expenses
 	 	 	 	 	0.41%	 	 	 	0.02%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses
 	 	 	 	 	0.67%	 	 	 	0.28%
 

EXAMPLE
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund’s Class N and Class I shares to the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund’s Class N and Class I shares for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the operating expenses of the Fund’s Class N and Class I shares remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 	 	    	1 Year
    	3 Years
    	5 Years
    	10 Years
Class N Shares
    	    	    	    $	41	    	    	    $	186	    	    	    $	343	    	    	    $	799	    
Class I Shares
    	    	    	    $	28	     	    	    $	 87	     	    	    $	152	     	    	    $	343	     
 

Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example above, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 52% of the average value of its portfolio.

4
 
 

PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing in a well-diversified portfolio of durable, performing fixed income instruments. These investments will be primarily focused in notes and bonds issued by domestic and foreign corporations and financial institutions and U.S. Government, government agencies and government guaranteed issuers, as well as asset-backed securities. The Fund may purchase mortgage-backed securities and sovereign debt when the investment adviser believes that the additional returns from these securities justify the risk of allocations to these asset classes.
The Fund may invest in money market instruments, repurchase agreements, commercial paper and derivative instruments, including futures, swaps and options, to meet its investment objective. The Fund will invest primarily in investment grade securities but may invest in securities rated below investment grade when the investment adviser believes that the additional income from these securities justifies the higher risk.
PRINCIPAL RISKS OF THE FUND
The principal risks of investing in the Fund and the circumstances reasonably likely to adversely affect an investment are listed in alphabetical order and described below. The share price of the Fund changes daily, based on market conditions and other factors. A shareholder may lose money by investing in the Fund. There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective.

Credit Risk:
Credit risk refers to the likelihood that an issuer, guarantor, or the counterparty to a derivative contract or repurchase agreement, will default on interest or principal payments. For asset-backed and commercial mortgage-backed securities, there is risk that the impairment of the value of the collateral underlying the security, such as non-payment of loans, will

5
 
 


result in a default on interest or principal payments. Credit risk is heightened to the extent the Fund invests in below investment grade securities.

Derivatives Risk:
Derivatives are financial contracts whose value depends on, or is derived from, the value of an underlying asset or index. Risks of investing in derivatives are different from, or possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments. Risks include liquidity risk, interest rate risk, market risk, credit risk, risk of mis-pricing or improper valuation and the risk of miscorrelation. The Fund could lose more than the principal amount invested.

Foreign Investment Risk:
Investing in securities of foreign-based companies involves risks not typically associated with investing in securities of companies organized and operated in the United States. These risks include adverse political, social and economic developments abroad, different kinds and levels of market and issuer regulations, and the different characteristics of overseas economies and markets. These factors can make foreign investments more volatile and potentially less liquid than U.S. investments.

Interest Rate Risk:
Interest rate risk refers to the price fluctuation of a bond in response to changes in interest rates. The Fund’s investments in bonds and other fixed income securities will change in value in response to fluctuations in interest rates. In general, fixed-rate bonds with shorter maturities are less sensitive to interest rate movements than those with longer maturities,

6
 
 


(i.e. when interest rates increase, bond prices fall). Rising interest rates tend to cause the prices of debt securities (especially those with longer maturities) to fall which could result in a decrease of the NAV of the Fund. The Fund may invest in variable and floating rate securities. Although these instruments are generally less sensitive to interest rate changes than fixed rate instruments, the value of variable and floating rate securities may decline if their interest rates do not rise as quickly, or as much, as general interest rates. The Fund’s fixed income investments may be subject to heightened risk associated with rising interest rates given the current historically low interest rate environment.
A rising rate environment may also result in periods of volatility and increased redemptions. As a result of increased redemptions, the Fund may have to liquidate fixed income securities at disadvantageous prices and times, or at a loss, which could adversely affect the performance of the Fund. While the Fund may use futures contracts and futures options to hedge against anticipated changes in interest rates, there can be no guarantee that the Fund will be able to successfully hedge interest rate exposures.

Investment Risk:
Investors in the Fund could lose money, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount of an investment, over short or long periods of time.

Issuer Risk:
The value of a security may decline for a number of reasons, which directly relate to the issuer, such as management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the issuer’s goods or services.

Leveraging Risk:
Leverage includes borrowing and reverse repurchase agreements and in some cases derivative contracts that may result in leverage to the Fund. Leverage risk is created when an investment exposes the Fund to a level of risk that exceeds the amount invested. Leveraging is speculative, tends to exaggerate

7
 
 


the effect of any increase or decrease in the value of the Fund’s securities and may cause the Fund to be more volatile.

Liquidity Risk:
Liquidity risk exists when a particular instrument is difficult to purchase or sell. Size of a transaction or illiquid markets may be factors.

Management Risk:
The Fund is actively managed and its success depends upon the investment skills and analytical abilities of the investment adviser to develop and effectively implement strategies that achieve the Fund’s investment objective. Subjective decisions made by the investment adviser may cause the Fund to incur losses or to miss profit opportunities on which it may otherwise have capitalized.

Market Risk:
The price of a security may fall due to changing economic, political, regulatory or market conditions, or due to a company’s or issuer’s individual situation.

Maturity Risk:
Interest rate risk, as discussed above, will generally affect the price of a fixed income security more if the security has a longer maturity.

Mortgage-Backed Securities Risk:
Borrowers may default on their mortgage obligations or the guarantees underlying the mortgage-backed securities. In addition, during periods of falling interest rates mortgage-backed securities may be called or prepaid, which

8
 
 


may result in the Fund having to reinvest proceeds in other investments at a lower interest rate. A fund holding mortgage-related securities may exhibit additional volatility during periods of fluctuating interest rates.

Prepayment Risk:
The Fund’s investments are subject to the risk that in times of declining interest rates, the Fund’s higher yielding securities will be prepaid and the Fund will have to replace them with securities having a lower yield.

Shareholder Concentration Risk:
Asset allocation decisions, particularly large redemptions, made by an investment adviser whose discretionary clients make up a large percentage of the Fund’s shareholders may adversely impact remaining Fund shareholders.

Sovereign Debt Risk:
Bonds issued by foreign governments, sometimes referred to as “sovereign” debt, present risks not associated with investments in other types of bonds. The government or agency issuing the debt may be unable or unwilling to make interest payments and/or repay the principal owed. In such instance, the Fund may have limited recourse against the issuing government or agency.

U.S. Government Agency Securities Risk:
Certain U.S. government agency securities are backed by the right of the issuer to borrow from the U.S. Treasury while others are supported only by the credit of the issuer or instrumentality. While the U.S. Government has historically provided financial support to U.S. government-sponsored agencies or instrumentalities during times of financial stress, such as the various actions taken to stabilize the Federal National Mortgage Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation during the credit crisis of 2008, no assurance can be given that it will do so in the future. Such securities are neither issued nor guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury.

9
 
 

FUND PERFORMANCE
The following bar chart and table give an indication of the risks involved with an investment in the Fund. The bar chart shows changes in the performance of the Fund’s Class I shares from year to year. The table shows how the average annual returns of the Fund’s Class N and Class I shares for the periods indicated compared to a broad-based market index. One cannot invest directly in an index.
When you consider this information, please remember that the Fund’s performance (before and after taxes) in past years is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated information on the Fund’s performance can be obtained by visiting www.bbhfunds.com or can be obtained by phone at 1-800-575-1265.

Total Return for Class I Shares (% Per Calendar Year)


Highest Performing Quarter:
  
4.75% in 4th quarter of 2008
Lowest Performing Quarter:
  
(0.98%) in 2nd quarter of 2008
 

10
 
 


Average Annual Total Returns (Through December 31, 2017)
The Fund’s performance figures assume that all distributions were reinvested in the Fund. After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns for Class I Shares will differ from those shown for Class N Shares. After-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts. After-tax returns are shown for only one class and after-tax returns for other classes will vary.
 	 	    	1 Year
    	5 Years
    	10 Years
Class N Shares
    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    
Return Before Taxes
    	    	    	
2.30%
    	
1.37%
    	
2.50%
Return After Taxes on Distributions
    	    	    	
1.43%
    	
0.59%
    	
1.64%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares
    	    	    	
1.30%
    	
0.69%
    	
1.59%
Class I Shares
    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    
Return Before Taxes
    	    	    	
2.51%
    	
1.56%
    	
2.67%
Barclays Capital U.S. 1-3 Year Treasury Bond Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)
    	    	    	
0.42%
    	
0.57%
    	
1.45%
 
INVESTMENT ADVISER
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. (“BBH&Co.”), through a separately identifiable department (the “Investment Adviser”).

Portfolio Managers
Name
   
BBH&Co. Title
   
Portfolio Manager of the Fund Since
Andrew P. Hofer
    	    	    	
Managing Director
    	
2011
Neil Hohmann
    	    	    	
Managing Director
    	
2013
 

11
 
 

PURCHASE AND SALE OF FUND SHARES
Shares of the Fund may be purchased or sold (redeemed) on any business day (normally any day when the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) is open). Shareholders may redeem shares held directly in the name of a shareholder on the books of the Fund by submitting a redemption request to the Fund’s transfer agent, ALPS Fund Services, Inc. (“Transfer Agent”). If shares are held by a bank, broker or other financial intermediary with which the Fund or its shareholder servicing agent has contracted (“Financial Intermediary”) on behalf of such shareholder, then shareholders must redeem shares through such Financial Intermediary.

Investment Minimums*
Minimum initial and subsequent purchase amounts vary depending on the class of shares you buy.
 	 	    	Class N
    	Class I**
Initial Purchases
    	    	    	    	 	$5,000	    	    		$    50,000
Subsequent Purchases
    	    	    	    	 	$1,000	    	    	   	$      5,000
 
*  
 	The Fund may change these investment minimums from time to time. A Financial Intermediary may also establish and amend, from time to time, minimum initial and/or subsequent purchase requirements for its customers. The Fund may waive the initial and subsequent investment minimums for purchases by financial intermediaries.
** 
 	The Fund has waived the investment minimums for all BBH&Co. Partners, employees, Fund Trustees and their respective family members, who wish to invest in the Fund’s Class I Shares.
TAX INFORMATION
The Fund’s distributions are generally taxable to you as ordinary income, capital gains, or a combination of the two.

12
 
 

PAYMENTS TO FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a Financial Intermediary, the Fund, a distributor and/or BBH&Co., as applicable, may pay the Financial Intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the Financial Intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your Financial Intermediary’s website for more information.