BBH Partner Fund - International Equity
<head_breaker>

BBH PARTNER FUND — INTERNATIONAL EQUITY SUMMARY
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The investment objective of the BBH Partner Fund — International Equity (the “Fund”) is to provide investors with long-term maximization of total return, primarily through capital appreciation.
FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE FUND
The table below describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold the Fund’s Class I shares.

Shareholder Fees
(Fees paid directly from your investment)
 	 	    	Class I
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a percentage of offering price)
    	    	    	None
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load)
    	    	    	None
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Reinvested Dividends
    	    	    	None
Redemption Fee on shares held less than 30 days after purchase (as a percentage of amount redeemed, if applicable)
    	    	    	      		2.00%
Exchange Fee
    	    	    	None
 

3
 
 



Annual Fund Operating Expenses
(Expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	 	    	Class I
Management Fees
    	    	    	  	0.69	%    
Distribution (12b-1) Fee
    	    	    	  	0.00	%    
Other Expenses
    	    	    	  	   0.04	%    
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses
    	    	    	  	0.73	%    
 

EXAMPLE
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund’s Class I shares to the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund’s Class I shares for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the operating expenses of the Fund’s Class I shares remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 	 	    	1 Year
    	3 Years
    	5 Years
    	10 Years
Class I Shares
    	    	    	    $	75	    	    	    $	234	    	    	    $	407	    	    	    $	908	    
 

Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example above, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 130% of the average value of its portfolio. As a result of a change in sub-advisory services in February 2017, the Fund experienced a higher than normal portfolio turnover rate.

4
 
 

PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
Under normal circumstances at least 80% of the net assets of the Fund, plus any borrowings for investment purposes, are invested in equity securities of companies in the developed and emerging markets of the world, excluding the United States. Developed markets are those markets included in the Morgan Stanley Capital International — Europe, Australasia, and Far East Index (“MSCI-EAFE”) and Canada. The Fund may invest up to 35% of its assets, at the time of purchase, in emerging markets of the world. An emerging market is generally considered to be a securities market located in any country that is defined as having an emerging or developing economy by the World Bank or its related organizations, or the United Nations or its authorities. The Fund will primarily invest in equity securities of companies with large market capitalizations.
BBH&Co., through a separately identifiable department (“Investment Adviser”), employs a “manager of managers” investment approach, whereby it allocates the Fund’s assets to the Fund’s sub-adviser, currently Select Equity Group. Subject to the general supervision by the Fund’s Board of Trustees (the “Board”), the Investment Adviser oversees the Sub-adviser and evaluates its performance results. The Investment Adviser reviews portfolio performance, characteristics and changes in key personnel of the Sub-adviser. The Sub-adviser will be primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund’s portfolio, including purchases and sales of individual securities. However, the Investment Adviser may, when deemed appropriate manage all or a portion of the Fund’s assets according to the Fund’s principal investment strategies.
The Fund buys and sells securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Interest, dividends and sale proceeds on such securities are received in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Fund enters into foreign currency exchange transactions from time to time to convert to and from different foreign currencies and to convert foreign currencies to and from the U.S. dollar. The Fund may purchase currency forwards and/or futures, which are derivatives, for the purpose of hedging the value of securities purchased or intended to be purchased.

5
 
 

Investment Process: The Sub-adviser will focus on identifying attractive businesses and will invest opportunistically in these businesses when it believes that good long term returns can be achieved. The Sub-adviser defines attractive businesses as those that have achieved leading and defensible market positions through the creation of enduring franchise value. They are, in the view of the Sub-adviser, both well positioned for long term growth and resilient in difficult economic environments. The Sub-adviser employs intensive and rigorous fundamental equity research in order to identify these investment opportunities. The Sub-adviser may sell securities for a variety of reasons, such as to secure gains, limit losses or redeploy assets into more promising opportunities. The Fund may, from time to time, invest in a limited number of issuers.
PRINCIPAL RISKS OF THE FUND
The principal risks of investing in the Fund and the circumstances reasonably likely to adversely affect an investment are listed in alphabetical order and described below. The share price of the Fund changes daily, based on market conditions and other factors. A shareholder may lose money by investing in the Fund. There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective.

Capital Controls Risk:
Capital controls imposed by foreign governments in response to economic or political events may impact the ability of the Fund to buy, sell or otherwise transfer securities or currency, may adversely affect the trading market and price for shares of the Fund, and may cause the Fund to decline in value.

6
 
 


Concentrated Portfolio Holdings Risk:
Although the Fund is a diversified fund and as such intends to meet the diversification requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (“1940 Act”), the Fund may, from time to time, invest in a limited number of issuers. As a result, the appreciation or depreciation of any one security held by the Fund will have a greater impact on the Fund’s net asset value than it would if the Fund invested in a larger number of securities. Although that strategy has the potential to generate attractive returns over time, it also increases the Fund’s volatility and may lead to greater losses.

Currency Exchange Rate Risk:
Because the Fund invests in securities denominated in, or providing exposure to, non-U.S. currencies and the Fund’s net asset value per share (“NAV”) is determined on the basis of U.S. dollars, the U.S. dollar value of your investment in the Fund may go down if the value of the local currency of the non-U.S. markets in which the Fund invests depreciates against the U.S. dollar. Currency exchange rates can be very volatile and can change quickly and unpredictably.

Derivatives Risk:
Derivatives, including forwards and futures, may be riskier than other types of investments and may increase the volatility of the Fund. Derivatives may be sensitive to changes in economic and market conditions and may create leverage, which could result in losses that significantly exceed the Fund’s original investment. Derivatives expose the Fund to counter-party risk, which is the risk that the derivative counterparty will not fulfill its contractual obligations (and includes credit risk associated with the counterparty). Certain derivatives are synthetic instruments that attempt to replicate the performance of certain reference assets. With regard to such derivatives, the Fund does not have a claim on the reference assets and is subject to enhanced counterparty risk. Derivatives may not perform as expected, so the Fund may not realize the intended benefits. When used for hedging, the change in value of a derivative may not correlate as expected with the security or other risk

7
 
 


being hedged. In addition, given their complexity, derivatives expose the Fund to risks of mispricing or improper valuation.

Emerging Markets Risk:
Emerging markets involve risks greater than those generally associated with investing in more developed foreign markets. These less developed markets can be subject to greater social, economic, regulatory and political uncertainties and can be extremely volatile.

Equity Securities Risk:
Equity securities risk is the risk that prices of equity securities rise and fall daily due to factors affecting individual companies, particular industries or the equity market as a whole.

Foreign Investment Risk:
Investing in securities of foreign-based companies involves risks not typically associated with investing in securities of companies organized and operated in the United States. These risks include adverse political, social and economic developments abroad, different kinds and levels of market and issuer regulations, and the different characteristics of overseas economies and markets. These factors can make foreign investments more volatile and potentially less liquid than U.S. investments.

Investment Risk:
Investors in the Fund could lose money, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount of an investment, over short or even long periods of time.

8
 
 


Large Cap Company Risk:
Because the Fund invests in large cap company securities, it may underperform other funds during periods when the Fund’s large cap securities are out of favor.

Management Risk:
The Fund is actively managed and its success depends upon the investment skills and analytical abilities of the Sub-adviser to develop and effectively implement strategies that achieve the Fund’s investment objective. Subjective decisions made by the Sub-adviser may cause the Fund to incur losses or to miss profit opportunities on which it may otherwise have capitalized.

Market Risk:
The price of a security may fall due to changing economic, political, regulatory or market conditions, or due to a company’s or issuer’s individual situation.

Shareholder Concentration Risk:
Asset allocation decisions, particularly large redemptions, made by BBH&Co. whose discretionary investment advisory clients make up a large percentage of the Fund’s shareholders, may adversely impact remaining Fund shareholders.
FUND PERFORMANCE
The following bar chart and table give an indication of the risks involved with an investment in the Fund. The bar chart shows changes in the performance of the Fund’s Class I shares from year to year. The table shows how the average annual returns of the Fund’s Class I shares for the periods indicated compared to a broad-based market index. One cannot invest directly in an index.

9
 
 

When you consider this information, please remember that the Fund’s performance (before and after taxes) in past years is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated information on the Fund’s performance can be obtained by visiting www.bbhfunds.com or can be obtained by phone at 1-800-575-1265.

Total Return for Class I Shares (% Per Calendar Year)


Highest Performing Quarter:
  
19.53% in 2nd quarter of 2009
Lowest Performing Quarter:
  
(18.81%) in 4th quarter of 2008
 

10
 
 


Average Annual Total Returns (Through December 31, 2017)
The Fund’s performance figures assume that all distributions were reinvested in the Fund. After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.
 	 	    	1 Year
    	5 Years
     	10 Years
Class I Shares
    	    	    	
 
    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    
Return Before Taxes
    	    	    	
20.47%
    	
6.77%
    	
2.69%
Return After Taxes on Distributions
    	    	    	
18.32%
    	
6.08%
    	
2.11%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares
    	    	    	
13.33%
    	
5.37%
    	
2.14%
MSCI-EAFE Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)
    	    	    	
25.03%
    	
7.90%
    	
1.94%
 

11
 
 


INVESTMENT ADVISER
BBH&Co. serves as the investment adviser to the Fund through a separately identifiable department. Select Equity Group, L.P. currently serves as the sub-adviser to the Fund. The following individuals are responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund:

Portfolio Managers
Sub-Adviser
   
Portfolio Management
Team Members
   
Fund
Manager
Since
 
    	    	    	
Chad Clark
Senior Investment Team Member
    	
2017
 
    	    	    	
Brian Vollmer
Senior Investment Team Member
    	
2017
Select Equity Group, L.P.
380 Lafayette Street
New York, New York 10003
    	    	    	
Matthew Pickering
Senior Investment Team Member
    	
2017
 
    	    	    	
Jonathan Allen
Senior Investment Team Member
    	
2017
 
    	    	    	
Loren Lewallen
Senior Investment Team Member
    	
2017
 
PURCHASE AND SALE OF FUND SHARES
Shares of the Fund may be purchased or sold (redeemed) on any business day (normally any day when the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) is open). Shareholders may redeem shares held directly in the name of a shareholder on the books of the Fund by submitting a redemption request to the Fund’s transfer agent, ALPS Fund Services, Inc. (“Transfer Agent”). If shares are held by a bank, broker or other financial intermediary with which the Fund or its shareholder servicing agent has contracted (“Financial Intermediary”) on behalf of such shareholder, then shareholders must redeem shares through such Financial Intermediary. Investors are only eligible to purchase shares of the Fund as described in the “Purchase of Shares” section of the Prospectus.

12
 
 


Investment Minimums*
 	 	    	Class I**
Initial Purchases
    	    	    	$10,000 
Subsequent Purchases
    	    	    	$1,000 
 
*
 	The Fund may change these investment minimums from time to time. A Financial Intermediary may also establish and amend, from time to time, minimum initial and/or subsequent purchase requirements for its customers. The Fund may waive the initial and subsequent investment minimums for purchases by financial intermediaries.
**
 	The Fund has waived the investment minimums for all BBH&Co. Partners, employees, Fund Trustees and their respective family members, and partners, directors, officers or employees of Select Equity Group, who wish to invest in the Fund’s Class I Shares.
TAX INFORMATION
The Fund’s distributions are generally taxable to you as ordinary income, qualified dividend income, capital gains, or a combination of the three.
PAYMENTS TO FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a Financial Intermediary, the Fund, a distributor and/or BBH&Co., as applicable, may pay the Financial Intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the Financial Intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your Financial Intermediary’s website for more information.
For shareholders with discretionary investment management account managed by BBH&Co. (“BBH&Co. Account”), BBH&Co. will include the value of the shareholder’s investment in the Fund when calculating the advisory fee applicable to such shareholder’s BBH&Co. Account, which may result in the shareholder paying a higher overall fee to BBH&Co. on the shareholder’s investment in the Fund.