BBH Core Select
<head_breaker>

BBH CORE SELECT SUMMARY
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The investment objective of BBH Core Select (the “Fund”) is to provide investors with long-term growth of capital.
FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE FUND
The table below describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold the Fund’s Class N and Retail Class shares.

Shareholder Fees
(Fees paid directly from your investment)

 	 	    	Class N
    	Retail Class
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases
(as a percentage of offering price)
    	    	    	
None
    	
None
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load)
    	    	    	
None
    	
None
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Reinvested Dividends
    	    	    	
None
    	
None
Redemption Fee on shares held less than 30 days after purchase (as a percentage of amount redeemed, if applicable)
    	    	    	
2.00%
    	
2.00%
Exchange Fee
    	    	    	
None
    	
None
 

3
 
 



Annual Fund Operating Expenses
(Expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)

 	 	    	Class N
    	Retail Class
Management Fees
    	    	    	
0.80%
    	
0.80%
Distribution (12b-1) Fees
    	    	    	
None
    	
0.25%
Other Expenses
    	    	    	
0.22%
    	
0.28%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses
    	    	    	
1.02%
    	
1.33%
Less Fee Waiver/Expense Reimbursement*
    	    	    	
(0.02%)
    	
(0.08%)
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver/Expense Reimbursement
    	    	    	
1.00%
    	
1.25%
 
*  
 	Brown Brothers Harriman & Co., through a separately identifiable department (the “Investment Adviser”), has contractually agreed to limit the Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses of the Fund to 1.00% through March 1, 2019 (excluding interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, other expenditures that are capitalized in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of the Fund’s business and amounts payable pursuant to any plan adopted in accordance with Rule 12b-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (“the 1940 Act”)) (the “Expense Limitation Agreement”). After exclusions, total net operating expenses for Retail Class shares are expected to be 1.25% of the average daily net assets. The Expense Limitation Agreement may only be terminated during its term with approval of the Fund’s Board of Trustees (the “Board”).

EXAMPLE
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund’s Class N and Retail Class shares to the cost of investing in other mutual funds. This example gives effect to the Expense Limitation Agreement for 1 year and the first year of the 3, 5 and 10 year calculations. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund’s Class N and Retail Class shares for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the operating expenses of the Fund’s Class N and Retail Class shares remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 	 	    	1 Year
    	3 Years
    	5 Years
    	10 Years
Class N Shares
    	    	    	    $	102	 	    	    $	322	 	    	    $	561	 	    	    $	1,246	    
Retail Class Shares
    	    	    	    $	127	 	    	    $	414	 	    	    $	722	 	    	    $	1,594	    
 

4
 
 


Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example above, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 15% of the average value of its portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
The Fund normally will invest in publicly traded equity securities issued by domestic and foreign firms both directly and in the form of depository receipts representing an interest in these securities. The Fund’s equity strategy blends aspects of growth and value investing. The Fund typically invests in companies with market capitalizations of $5 billion or greater.
The Investment Adviser selects companies based on their long-term investment potential and follows a “buy and own” approach. The Fund does not seek to trade in and out of stocks for small gains. While not a determining factor, the Investment Adviser may consider tax implications when deciding whether or not to sell a particular investment. As a result of the Investment Adviser’s disciplined investment process, the Fund may, at times, hold large percentages of cash.
PRINCIPAL RISKS OF THE FUND
The principal risks of investing in the Fund and the circumstances reasonably likely to adversely affect an investment are listed in alphabetical order and described below. The share price of the Fund changes daily, based on market conditions and other factors. A shareholder may lose money by investing in the Fund. There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective.

5
 
 


Equity Securities Risk:
Equity securities risk is the risk that prices of equity securities rise and fall daily due to factors affecting individual companies, particular industries or the equity market as a whole.

Foreign Investment Risk:
Investing in securities of foreign-based companies involves risks not typically associated with investing in securities of companies organized and operated in the United States. These risks include adverse political, social and economic developments abroad, different kinds and levels of market and issuer regulations, and the different characteristics of overseas economies and markets. These factors can make foreign investments more volatile and potentially less liquid than U.S. investments.

Investment Risk:
Investors in the Fund could lose money, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount of an investment, over short or even long periods of time.

Management Risk:
The Fund is actively managed and its success depends upon the investment skills and analytical abilities of the Investment Adviser to develop and effectively implement strategies that achieve the Fund’s investment objective. Subjective decisions made by the Investment Adviser may cause the Fund to incur losses or to miss profit opportunities on which it may otherwise have capitalized.

6
 
 


Market Risk:
The price of a security may fall due to changing economic, political, regulatory or market conditions, or due to a company’s or issuer’s individual situation.

Non-Diversification Risk:
A non-diversified fund may be subject to greater risk than a diversified fund because changes in the financial condition of individual issuers, as well as political, regulatory or economic occurrences affecting such issuers may cause greater fluctuation in the value of a non-diversified fund’s shares.

Shareholder Concentration Risk:
Asset allocation decisions, particularly large redemptions, made by an investment adviser whose discretionary clients make up a large percentage of the Fund’s shareholders may adversely impact remaining Fund shareholders.
FUND PERFORMANCE
The following bar chart and tables give an indication of the risks involved with an investment in the Fund. The bar chart shows changes in the performance of the Fund’s Class N shares from year to year. The table shows how the average annual returns of the Fund’s Class N and Retail Class shares for the periods indicated compared to a broad-based market index. One cannot invest directly in an index.

7
 
 


When you consider this information, please remember that the Fund’s performance (before and after taxes) in past years is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated information on the Fund’s performance can be obtained by visiting www.bbhfunds.com or can be obtained by phone at 1-800-575-1265.

Total Return for Class N Shares (% Per Calendar Year)*


    
Highest Performing Quarter:
    	    	    	
16.20% in 3rd quarter of 2009
Lowest Performing Quarter:
    	    	    	
(17.07%) in 4th quarter of 2008
 
*  
 	The Fund’s Retail Class shares have a higher overall expense ratio and, as a result, performance would be lower.

8
 
 


Average Annual Total Returns (Through December 31, 2017)
The Fund’s performance figures assume that all distributions were reinvested in the Fund. After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts. After-tax returns are shown for only one class and after-tax returns for other classes will vary.
 	 	    	1 Year
    	5 Years
    	10 Years
Class N Shares	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    
Return Before Taxes	    	    	    	      	19.93	%    	    	      	11.54	%    	    	      	9.00	%    
Return After Taxes on Distributions	    	    	    	      	15.81	%    	    	      	9.71	%    	    	      	8.01	%    
Return After Taxes on Distributions and
Sale of Fund Shares	    	    	    	      	14.66	%    	    	      	9.03	%    	    	      	7.29	%    
Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index
(reflects no deduction of fees, expenses or taxes)	    	    	    	      	21.83	%    	    	      	15.79	%    	    	      	8.50	%    
 
 	 	    	1 Year
    	5 Years
    	Since
Inception
(3/25/11)
Retail Class Shares	    	    	    	      	 	     	    	    	    	    	    	    	    	    
Return Before Taxes	    	    	    	      	19.65	%    	    	      	11.27	%    	    	      	11.21	%    
Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index
(reflects no deduction of fees, expenses or taxes)	    	    	    	      	21.83	%    	    	      	15.79	%    	    	      	13.45	%    
 
INVESTMENT ADVISER
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. (“BBH&Co.”), through a separately identifiable department.

Portfolio Managers
Name
   
BBH&Co. Title
   
Portfolio Manager of the Fund Since
Timothy E. Hartch
    	    	    	
Partner
    	
2005
Michael R. Keller
    	    	    	
Partner
    	
2008
 

9
 
 


PURCHASE AND SALE OF FUND SHARES
Shares of the Fund may be purchased or sold (redeemed) on any business day (normally any day when the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) is open). Shareholders may redeem shares held directly in the name of a shareholder on the books of the Fund by submitting a redemption request to the Fund’s transfer agent, ALPS Fund Services, Inc. (“Transfer Agent”). If shares are held by a bank, broker or other financial intermediary with which the Fund or its shareholder servicing agent has contracted (“Financial Intermediary”) on behalf of such shareholder, then shareholders must redeem shares through such Financial Intermediary.

Investment Minimums*
Minimum initial and subsequent purchase amounts may vary.
 	 	    	Class N**
    	Retail Class
Initial Purchases
    	    	    	
$10,000
    	
$5,000
Subsequent Purchases
    	    	    	
$10,000
    	
$ 250
 
*
 	The Fund may change these investment minimums from time to time. A Financial Intermediary may also establish and amend, from time to time, minimum initial and/or subsequent purchase requirements for its customers. The Fund may waive the initial and subsequent investment minimums for purchases by financial intermediaries.
**
 	The Fund has waived the investment minimums for all BBH&Co. Partners, employees, Fund Trustees and their respective family members, who wish to invest in the Fund’s Class N Shares.
TAX INFORMATION
The Fund’s distributions are generally taxable to you as ordinary income, qualified dividend income, capital gains, or a combination of the three.
PAYMENTS TO FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a Financial Intermediary, the Fund, a distributor, and/or BBH&Co., as applicable, may pay the Financial Intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create

10
 
 


a conflict of interest by influencing the Financial Intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your Financial Intermediary’s website for more information.