CAPITAL VALUE FUND
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary 
Investment Objective 
The fund seeks long-term capital growth. 
Fees and Expenses 
The following table describes the fees and expenses you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in American Century Investments funds. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional and in Calculation of Sales Charges on page 12 of the fund’s prospectus, Appendix A of the fund’s prospectus and Sales Charges in Appendix B of the statement of additional information. 
Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investor
I1
A
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on
Purchases (as a percentage of offering price)
 
None
None
5.75%
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load)
(as a percentage of the lower of the original
offering price or redemption proceeds when
redeemed within one year of purchase)
 
None
None
None2
Maximum Annual Account Maintenance Fee
(waived if eligible investments total at least $10,000)
 
$25
None
None
 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 
Investor
I
A
Management Fee
1.10%
0.90%
1.10%
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees
None
None
0.25%
Other Expenses
0.01%
0.01%
0.01%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses
1.11%
0.91%
1.36%
Fee Waiver3
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver
1.01%
0.81%
1.26%
1
Prior to April 10, 2017, this class was referred to as the Institutional Class.
2 
Purchases of $1 million or more may be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge of 1.00% if the shares are redeemed within one year of the date of the purchase.
3 
The advisor has agreed to waive 0.10 percentage points of the fund’s management fee. The advisor expects this waiver to continue until February 28, 2019 and cannot terminate it prior to such date without the approval of the Board of Directors.
Example 
The example below is intended to help you compare the costs of investing in the fund with the costs of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods and that you earn a 5% return each year. The example also assumes that the fund’s operating expenses remain the same, except that it reflects the rate and duration of any fee waivers noted in the table above. You may be required to pay brokerage commissions on your purchases of Investor or I Class shares of the fund, which are not reflected in the example. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be: 
 
1 year
3 years
5 years
10 years
Investor Class
$103
$344
$603
$1,343
I Class
$83
$281
$495
$1,111
A Class
$696
$972
$1,269
$2,107
 



2#





Portfolio Turnover 
The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 26% of the average value of its portfolio.   
Principal Investment Strategies 
The portfolio managers use a value investment strategy that invests primarily in stocks of medium to large companies that the portfolio managers believe are undervalued at the time of purchase. In selecting stocks, the portfolio managers look for companies that are temporarily out of favor in, or whose value is not yet recognized by, the market. To identify these companies, the portfolio managers look for companies with earnings, cash flows and/or assets that may not be reflected accurately in the companies’ stock prices. 
The portfolio managers also attempt to minimize taxable distributions to fund shareholders. The fund’s tax-sensitive techniques may, from time to time, be inconsistent with the fund’s objective of long-term capital growth. Since the fund focuses on after-tax returns, it may not provide as high a pre-tax return relative to other funds. 
The portfolio managers may elect to sell a security, even if the sale results in a taxable gain, if they determine that the tax impact of the sale is outweighed by other factors. Such factors include the investment risk of holding the security or the availability of a replacement security that has a better potential return. 
Principal Risks 
•
Value Investing – If the market does not consider the individual stocks purchased by the fund to be undervalued, the value of the fund’s shares may decline, even if stock prices generally are rising.
•
Tax Risk – While the fund seeks to minimize taxable distributions to shareholders, it nonetheless may realize capital gains on the sale of investment securities and earn dividend income. Federal tax laws require the fund to make distributions of such gains and income to its shareholders. Distributions may be taxable as ordinary income, capital gains, or a combination of the two.
•
Market Risk – The value of the fund’s shares will go up and down based on the performance of the companies whose securities it owns and other factors generally affecting the securities market.
•
Price Volatility – The value of the fund’s shares may fluctuate significantly in the short term.
•
Principal Loss – At any given time your shares may be worth less than the price you paid for them. In other words, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.
An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit, and it is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other government agency. 
Fund Performance 
The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The bar chart shows changes in the fund’s performance from year to year for Investor Class shares. The table shows how the fund’s average annual returns for the periods shown compared with those of a broad measure of market performance. The fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the fund will perform in the future. For current performance information, please visit americancentury.com. 
Sales charges and account fees, if applicable, are not reflected in the bar chart. If those charges were included, returns would be less than those shown.

3#





Calendar Year Total Returns 
chart-cfd73e1fd0a14b7f194a01.jpg
Highest Performance Quarter (3Q 2009): 15.88% Lowest Performance Quarter (4Q 2008): -20.69%

Average Annual Total Returns
For the calendar year ended December 31, 2017
1 year
5 years
10 years
Investor Class Return Before Taxes
11.75%
12.92%
6.07%
Return After Taxes on Distributions
9.06%
11.06%
5.02%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares
8.85%
10.15%
4.75%
I Class Return Before Taxes
11.82%
13.12%
6.27%
A Class1 Return Before Taxes
5.09%
11.30%
5.18%
Russell 1000® Value Index
   (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)
13.66%
14.03%
7.10%
 
1 Prior to March 1, 2010, the A Class was referred to as the Advisor Class and did not have a front-end sales charge. Performance prior to that date has been restated to reflect this charge.
The after-tax returns are shown only for Investor Class shares. After-tax returns for other share classes will vary. After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or IRAs. 
Portfolio Management 
Investment Advisor 
American Century Investment Management, Inc. 
Portfolio Managers 
Brendan Healy, CFA, Vice President and Portfolio Manager, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2000. 
Brian Woglom, CFA, Vice President and Portfolio Manager, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2016.
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares 
You may purchase or redeem shares of the fund on any business day through our website at americancentury.com, in person (at one of our Investor Centers), by mail (American Century Investments, P.O. Box 419200, Kansas City, MO 64141-6200), by telephone at 1-800-345-2021 (Investor Services Representative) or 1-800-345-3533 (Business, Not-For-Profit and Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans), or through a financial intermediary. Shares may be purchased and redemption proceeds received by electronic bank transfer, by check or by wire. 
Unless otherwise specified below, the minimum initial investment amount to open an account is $2,500 ($2,000 for Coverdell Education Savings Accounts). Investors opening accounts through financial intermediaries may open an account with $250 for

4#





Investor and A Classes, but the financial intermediaries may require their clients to meet different investment minimums. The minimum may be waived for broker-dealer sponsored wrap program accounts, fee based accounts, and accounts through bank/trust and wealth management advisory organizations. 
The minimum initial investment amount for I Class is generally $5 million ($3 million for endowments and foundations), but the minimum may be waived if you have an aggregate investment in the American Century family of funds of $10 million or more ($5 million for endowments and foundations). This includes accounts held directly with American Century and those held through a financial intermediary.  
For Investor and A Classes, there is no minimum initial investment amount for certain employer-sponsored retirement plans, however, financial intermediaries or plan recordkeepers may require plans to meet different minimums. For purposes of fund minimums, employer-sponsored retirement plans do not include SEP IRAs, SIMPLE IRAs or SARSEPs.  Employer-sponsored retirement plans are not eligible to invest in the I Class.
There is a $50 minimum for subsequent purchases, except that there is no subsequent purchase minimum for financial intermediaries or employer-sponsored retirement plans. 
Tax Information 
Fund distributions are generally taxable as ordinary income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred account such as a 401(k) or individual retirement account (in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of your investment from such account). 
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries 
If you purchase the fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank, insurance company, plan sponsor or financial professional), the fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.