ClearBridge Global Health Care Innovations Fund
<head_breaker>

Investment objective

The fund seeks capital appreciation.

Fees and expenses of the fund

The accompanying table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund.

You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $25,000 in funds distributed through Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC (“LMIS”), the fund’s distributor. More information about these and other discounts is available from your Service Agent, in the fund’s Prospectus on page 20 under the heading “Sales charges,” in the appendix titled “Appendix: Waivers and Discounts Available from Certain Service Agents” on page A-1 of the fund’s Prospectus and in the fund’s Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”) on page 57 under the heading “Sales Charge Waivers and Reductions for Class A and Class A2 Shares.” “Service Agents” include banks, brokers, dealers, insurance companies, investment advisers, financial consultants or advisers, mutual fund supermarkets and other financial intermediaries that have entered into an agreement with LMIS to sell shares of the fund.

If you purchase Class I shares or Class IS shares through a Service Agent acting solely as an agent on behalf of its customers, that Service Agent may charge you a commission. Such commissions, if any, are not charged by the fund and are not reflected in the fee table or expense example below.

 

Shareholder fees
(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
  	  	Class A	 	Class A2	 	Class C	 	Class FI	 	Class R	 	Class I	 	Class IS
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on purchases (as a % of offering price)	  	5.751,2	 	5.75	 	None	 	None	 	None	 	None	 	None
Maximum deferred sales charge (load) (as a % of the lower of net asset value at purchase or redemption)3	  	None4	 	None4	 	1.00	 	None	 	None	 	None	 	None
Small account fee5	  	$15	 	$15	 	$15	 	None	 	None	 	None	 	None
  		  		 		 		 		 		 		 	
Annual fund operating expenses (%)
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)	 	 	 	 	 	 
  	  	  	  	Class A	 	Class A2	 	Class C	 	Class FI	 	Class R	 	Class I	 	Class IS
Management fees	  	0.65	 	0.65	 	0.65	 	0.65	 	0.65	 	0.65	 	0.65
Distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees	  	0.25	 	0.25	 	1.00	 	0.25	 	0.50	 	None	 	None
Other expenses	  	4.136	 	4.347	 	4.057	 	4.157	 	4.157	 	4.016	 	3.976
Total annual fund operating expenses	  	5.038	 	5.24	 	5.70	 	5.05	 	5.30	 	4.668	 	4.628
Fees waived and/or expenses reimbursed9	  	(3.77)	 	(3.78)	 	(3.69)	 	(3.79)	 	(3.79)	 	(3.75)	 	(3.81)
Total annual fund operating expenses after waiving fees and/or reimbursing expenses10	  	1.26	 	1.46	 	2.01	 	1.26	 	1.51	 	0.91	 	0.81
 

1 	The sales charge is waived for shareholders purchasing Class A shares through accounts where LMIS is the broker-dealer of record (“LMIS Accounts”).
2	Shareholders purchasing Class A shares through certain Service Agents or in certain types of accounts may be eligible for a waiver of the sales charge. For additional information, see “Sales charges” in the Prospectus.
3 	Maximum deferred sales charge (load) may be reduced over time.
4 	You may buy Class A or Class A2 shares in amounts of $1,000,000 or more at net asset value (without an initial sales charge), but if you redeem those shares within 18 months of their purchase, you will pay a contingent deferred sales charge of 1.00%.
 

2	  	ClearBridge Global Health Care Innovations Fund
Table of Contents
5 	If the value of your account is below $1,000 ($250 for retirement plans that are not employer-sponsored), the fund may charge you a fee of $3.75 per account that is determined and assessed quarterly (with an annual maximum of $15.00 per account). Please contact your Service Agent for more information.
6 	“Other expenses” have been restated to exclude non-recurring costs relating to commencement of the fund’s operations. Had such costs been included, “Other expenses” for Class A, I and IS shares would have been 5.29%, 4.99% and 5.16%, respectively.
7 	“Other expenses” for Class A2, Class C, Class FI and Class R shares are estimated for the current fiscal year. Actual expenses may differ from estimates.
8 	Total annual fund operating expenses do not correlate with the ratios of expenses to average net assets reported in the financial highlights tables in the fund’s Prospectus and in the fund’s shareholder reports, which reflect the fund’s operating expenses and do not include acquired fund fees and expenses.
9 	The manager has agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse operating expenses (other than interest, brokerage, taxes, extraordinary expenses and acquired fund fees and expenses) so that the ratio of total annual fund operating expenses will not exceed 1.25% for Class A shares, 1.45% for Class A2 shares, 2.00% for Class C shares, 1.25% for Class FI shares, 1.50% for Class R shares, 0.90% for Class I shares and 0.80% for Class IS shares, subject to recapture as described below. In addition, the ratio of total annual fund operating expenses for Class IS shares will not exceed the ratio of total annual fund operating expenses for Class I shares, subject to recapture as described below. These arrangements cannot be terminated prior to December 31, 2019 without the Board of Trustees’ consent. The manager is permitted to recapture amounts waived and/or reimbursed to a class during the same fiscal year in which the manager earned the fee or incurred the expense if the class’ total annual fund operating expenses have fallen to a level below the limits described above. In no case will the manager recapture any amount that would result, on any particular business day of the fund, in the class’ total annual fund operating expenses exceeding the applicable limits described above or any other lower limit then in effect.
10	Total annual fund operating expenses (after waiving fees and/or reimbursing expenses, as applicable) exceed the expense cap for Class A, Class A2, Class C, Class FI, Class R, Class I and Class IS shares as a result of acquired fund fees and expenses.
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes:

 

•	 	You invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated
 

•	 	Your investment has a 5% return each year and the fund’s operating expenses remain the same
 

•	 	You reinvest all distributions and dividends without a sales charge
Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 

Number of years you own your shares ($)	    	 	    	 	    	 	    	 
 	    	1 year	    	3 years	    	5 years	    	10 years
Class A (with or without redemption at end of period)	    	696	    	1,680	    	2,662	    	5,117
Class A2 (with or without redemption at end of period)	    	715	    	1,736	    	2,751	    	5,268
Class C (with redemption at end of period)	    	304	    	1,370	    	2,520	    	5,325
Class C (without redemption at end of period)	    	204	    	1,370	    	2,520	    	5,325
Class FI (with or without redemption at end of period)	    	128	    	1,175	    	2,221	    	4,832
Class R (with or without redemption at end of period)	    	154	    	1,248	    	2,335	    	5,025
Class I (with or without redemption at end of period)	    	93	    	1,067	    	2,047	    	4,527
Class IS (with or without redemption at end of period)	    	83	    	1,049	    	2,023	    	4,490
Portfolio turnover. The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 32% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal investment strategies

Under normal circumstances, the fund invests at least 80% of its assets, plus borrowings for investment purposes, if any, in the securities of companies engaged in the development, production or distribution of products or services related to health care or in other instruments with similar economic characteristics. Companies engaged in the development, production or distribution of products or services related to health care include (1) pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, (2) health care supply and services firms, (3) businesses that operate hospitals and health care facilities and (4) companies engaged in medical research, equipment, devices, technology, diagnostics and life sciences. The subadviser seeks to identify investments that, in its opinion, offer high growth potential or focus on innovation.

As a global fund, the fund can seek investment opportunities anywhere in the world, and under normal circumstances, the fund invests in at least three countries, which may include the United States. The fund may invest in issuers of any market capitalization.

The fund is classified as “non-diversified,” which means it may invest a larger percentage of its assets in a smaller number of issuers than a diversified fund.

Principal risks

Risk is inherent in all investing. The value of your investment in the fund, as well as the amount of return you receive on your investment, may fluctuate significantly. You may lose part or all of your investment in the fund or your investment may not perform as well as other similar investments. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or by any bank or government agency. The following is a summary description of certain risks of investing in the fund.

 

ClearBridge Global Health Care Innovations Fund	 	3
Table of Contents
Stock market and equity securities risk. The stock markets are volatile and the market prices of the fund’s equity securities may decline generally. Equity securities may have greater price volatility than other asset classes, such as fixed income securities, and may fluctuate in price based on changes in a company’s financial condition and overall market and economic conditions. If the market prices of the equity securities owned by the fund fall, the value of your investment in the fund will decline.

Market events risk. In the past decade financial markets throughout the world have experienced increased volatility, depressed valuations, decreased liquidity and heightened uncertainty. Governmental and non-governmental issuers have defaulted on, or been forced to restructure, their debts. These conditions may continue, recur, worsen or spread. Events that have contributed to these market conditions include, but are not limited to, major cybersecurity events; geopolitical events (including wars and terror attacks); measures to address budget deficits; downgrading of sovereign debt; declines in oil and commodity prices; dramatic changes in currency exchange rates; and public sentiment.

The U.S. government and the Federal Reserve, as well as certain foreign governments and central banks, have taken steps to support financial markets, including by keeping interest rates at historically low levels. This and other government intervention may not work as intended, particularly if the efforts are perceived by investors as being unlikely to achieve the desired results. The Federal Reserve has reduced its market support activities and recently has begun raising interest rates. Certain foreign governments and central banks are implementing or discussing so-called negative interest rates (e.g., charging depositors who keep their cash at a bank) to spur economic growth. Further Federal Reserve or other U.S. or non-U.S. governmental or central bank actions, including interest rate increases or contrary actions by different governments, could negatively affect financial markets generally, increase market volatility and reduce the value and liquidity of securities in which the fund invests.

Policy and legislative changes in the United States and in other countries are affecting many aspects of financial regulation and may in some instances contribute to decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the financial markets. The impact of these changes on the markets, and the practical implications for market participants, may not be fully known for some time.

Economies and financial markets throughout the world are increasingly interconnected. Economic, financial or political events, trading and tariff arrangements, terrorism, natural disasters and other circumstances in one country or region could have profound impacts on global economies or markets. As a result, whether or not the fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant exposure to the countries directly affected, the value and liquidity of the fund’s investments may be negatively affected.

Healthcare sector risk. The profitability of companies in the healthcare sector may be affected by government regulations and government healthcare programs, increases or decreases in the cost of medical products and services and product liability claims, among other factors. Many healthcare companies are heavily dependent on patent protection, and the expiration of a company’s patent may adversely affect that company’s profitability. Healthcare companies are subject to competitive forces that may result in price discounting, and may be thinly capitalized and susceptible to product obsolescence.

Foreign investments and emerging markets risk. The fund’s investments in securities of foreign issuers or issuers with significant exposure to foreign markets involve additional risk. Foreign countries in which the fund may invest may have markets that are less liquid, less regulated and more volatile than U.S. markets. The value of the fund’s investments may decline because of factors affecting the particular issuer as well as foreign markets and issuers generally, such as unfavorable or unsuccessful government actions, reduction of government or central bank support and political or financial instability. Lack of information may also affect the value of these securities.

The risks of foreign investments are heightened when investing in issuers in emerging market countries. Emerging market countries tend to have economic, political and legal systems that are less fully developed and are less stable than those of more developed countries. Less developed markets are more likely to experience problems with the clearing and settling of trades and the holding of securities by banks, agents and depositories that are less developed than those in the United States. They are often particularly sensitive to market movements because their market prices tend to reflect speculative expectations. Low trading volumes may result in a lack of liquidity and in extreme price volatility.

Currency risk. The value of investments in securities denominated in foreign currencies increases or decreases as the rates of exchange between those currencies and the U.S. dollar change. Currency conversion costs and currency fluctuations could erase investment gains or add to investment losses. Currency exchange rates can be volatile, and are affected by factors such as general economic conditions, the actions of the U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, the imposition of currency controls and speculation.

Innovations risk. The fund seeks to invest in companies that, in the opinion of the subadviser, focus on innovation or offer high growth potential. Companies may be considered innovative as a result of, for example, the development of new drugs or new devices or the engagement in businesses that may change the course of diseases, improve health care outcomes or reduce health care system costs. No assurance can be made that these perceived innovations will occur, or, if they do, that they will result in the vigorous growth anticipated by the subadviser or such growth may be significantly delayed. In addition, such growth may not occur within the time frame anticipated by the subadviser.

Issuer risk. The value of a security can go up or down more than the market as a whole and can perform differently from the value of the market as a whole, due to factors specifically relating to a particular company, such as disappointing earnings reports by the issuer, unsuccessful products or services, loss of major customers, changes in management, corporate actions, negative perception in the marketplace, major litigation against the issuer or changes in government regulations affecting the issuer or the competitive environment. The fund may experience a substantial or complete loss on an individual security.

 

4	  	ClearBridge Global Health Care Innovations Fund
Table of Contents
Small and medium capitalization company risk. The fund will be exposed to additional risks as a result of its investments in the securities of small and medium capitalization companies. Small and medium capitalization companies may fall out of favor with investors; may have limited product lines, operating histories, markets or financial resources; or may be dependent upon a limited management group. The prices of securities of small and medium capitalization companies generally are more volatile than those of large capitalization companies and are more likely to be adversely affected than large capitalization companies by changes in earnings results and investor expectations or poor economic or market conditions, including those experienced during a recession. Securities of small and medium capitalization companies may underperform large capitalization companies, may be harder to sell at times and at prices the portfolio managers believe appropriate and may offer greater potential for losses.

Growth investing risk. The fund’s growth-oriented investment style may increase the risks of investing in the fund. Growth securities typically are very sensitive to market movements because their market prices tend to reflect future expectations. When it appears those expectations will not be met, the prices of growth securities typically fall. Growth securities may also be more volatile than other investments because they often do not pay dividends. Growth stocks as a group may be out of favor and underperform the overall equity market while the market concentrates on value stocks.

Liquidity risk. Some assets held by the fund may be impossible or difficult to sell, particularly during times of market turmoil. These illiquid assets may also be difficult to value. Markets may become illiquid when, for instance, there are few, if any, interested buyers or sellers or when dealers are unwilling or unable to make a market for certain securities. As a general matter, dealers recently have been less willing to make markets for fixed income securities. If the fund is forced to sell an illiquid asset to meet redemption requests or other cash needs, the fund may be forced to sell at a loss.

Non-diversification risk. The fund is classified as “non-diversified,” which means it may invest a larger percentage of its assets in a smaller number of issuers than a diversified fund. To the extent the fund invests its assets in a smaller number of issuers, the fund will be more susceptible to negative events affecting those issuers than a diversified fund.

Portfolio management risk. The value of your investment may decrease if the subadviser’s judgment about the attractiveness or value of, or market trends affecting a particular security, industry, sector or region, or about market movements, is incorrect, or if there are imperfections, errors or limitations in the tools and data used by the subadviser. In addition, the fund’s investment strategies or policies may change from time to time. Those changes may not lead to the results intended by the subadviser and could have an adverse effect on the value or performance of the fund.

Cybersecurity risk. Cybersecurity incidents may allow an unauthorized party to gain access to fund assets, customer data (including private shareholder information), or proprietary information, or cause the fund, the manager, the subadvisers and/or their service providers (including, but not limited to, fund accountants, custodians, sub-custodians, transfer agents and financial intermediaries) to suffer data breaches, data corruption or loss of operational functionality.

These and other risks are discussed in more detail in the Prospectus or in the Statement of Additional Information.

 

ClearBridge Global Health Care Innovations Fund	 	5
Table of Contents
Performance

The accompanying bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The bar chart shows changes in the fund’s performance from year to year for Class IS shares. The table shows the average annual total returns of each class of the fund that has been in operation for at least one full calendar year and also compares the fund’s performance with the average annual total returns of an index or other benchmark. Performance for classes other than those shown may vary from the performance shown to the extent the expenses for those classes differ. The fund makes updated performance information, including its current net asset value, available at www.leggmason.com/mutualfunds (select fund and share class), or by calling the fund at 1-877-721-1926.

The fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the fund will perform in the future.

Sales charges are not reflected in the accompanying bar chart, and if those charges were included, returns would be less than those shown.

 

LOGO

Best Quarter (03/31/2017): 9.33    Worst Quarter (12/31/2017): (3.54)

 

Average annual total returns (%)	 
(for periods ended December 31, 2017)	  	 	 	    	 	 	    	 	 
Class IS	  	 	1 year	 	    	 
Since
inception	 
 	    	 
Inception
date	 
 
Return before taxes	  	 	19.51	 	    	 	10.40	 	    	 	03/31/2016	 
Return after taxes on distributions	  	 	17.56	 	    	 	  8.89	 	    	 	 	 
Return after taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares	  	 	11.80	 	    	 	  7.53	 	    	 	 	 
Other Classes (Return before taxes only)	  	 	 	 	    	 	 	 	    	 	 	 
Class A	  	 	12.12	 	    	 	  6.41	 	    	 	03/31/2016	 
Class I	  	 	19.54	 	    	 	10.40	 	    	 	03/31/2016	 
MSCI World Health Care (USD) (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)	  	 	19.80	 	    	 	10.88	 	    	 	 	 
The after-tax returns are shown only for Class IS shares, are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown, and the after-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts. After-tax returns for classes other than Class IS will vary from returns shown for Class IS.

 

6	  	ClearBridge Global Health Care Innovations Fund
Table of Contents
Management

Investment manager: Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC (“LMPFA”)

Subadviser: ClearBridge Investments, LLC (“ClearBridge”)

Portfolio managers: Evan Bauman, Marshall Gordon and Nicholas Wu. Mr. Bauman (a Portfolio Manager and a Managing Director of ClearBridge), Mr. Gordon (a Director and Senior Research Analyst for Health Care at ClearBridge) and Mr. Wu (a Director and Senior Research Analyst for Health Care at ClearBridge) have co-managed the fund since 2016.

Purchase and sale of fund shares

You may purchase, redeem or exchange shares of the fund each day the New York Stock Exchange is open, at the fund’s net asset value determined after receipt of your request in good order, subject to any applicable sales charge.

The fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are set forth in the accompanying table:

 

Investment minimum initial/additional investment ($)	    	 	  	 
  	  	Class A	    	Class A21	    	Class C2	    	Class FI	    	Class R	    	Class I	  	Class IS
General	  	1,000/50	    	1,000/50	    	1,000/50	    	N/A	    	N/A	    	1 million/None3	  	N/A
Uniform Gifts or Transfers to Minor Accounts	  	1,000/50	    	1,000/50	    	1,000/50	    	N/A	    	N/A	    	1 million/None3	  	N/A
IRAs	  	250/50	    	250/50	    	250/50	    	N/A	    	N/A	    	1 million/None3,4	  	N/A4
SIMPLE IRAs	  	None/None	    	None/None	    	None/None	    	N/A	    	N/A	    	1 million/None3	  	N/A
Systematic Investment Plans	  	50/50	    	50/50	    	50/50	    	N/A	    	N/A	    	1 million/None3,5	  	N/A5
Clients of Eligible Financial Intermediaries	  	None/None	    	None/None	    	N/A	    	None/None	    	None/None	    	None/None6	  	Non/None6
Eligible Investment Programs	  	None/None	    	None/None	    	N/A	    	None/None	    	None/None	    	None/ None	  	None/None
Retirement Plans with omnibus accounts held on the books of the fund and certain rollover IRAs	  	None/None	    	None/None	    	None/None	    	None/None	    	None/None	    	None/ None	  	None/None
Other Retirement Plans	  	None/None	    	None/None	    	None/None	    	N/A	    	N/A	    	1 million/None3	  	N/A
Institutional Investors	  	1,000/50	    	1,000/50	    	1,000/50	    	N/A	    	N/A	    	1 million/None	  	1 million/None
 

1 	Available to individual investors who hold their shares through a Service Agent that has entered into an agreement with LMIS specifically authorizing the sale of Class A2 shares (“A2 Accounts”).
2 	Class C shares are not available for purchase through LMIS Accounts.
3 	Available to investors investing directly with the fund.
4 	IRA accountholders who purchase Class I or Class IS shares through a Service Agent acting as agent on behalf of its customers are subject to the initial and subsequent minimums of $250/$50. If a Service Agent does not have this arrangement in place with LMIS, the initial and subsequent minimums listed in the table apply. Please contact your Service Agent for more information.
5 	Investors investing through a Systematic Investment Plan who purchase Class I or Class IS shares through a Service Agent acting as agent on behalf of its customers are subject to the initial and subsequent minimums of $50/$50. If a Service Agent does not have this arrangement in place with LMIS, the initial and subsequent minimums listed in the table apply. Please contact your Service Agent for more information.
6 	Individual investors who purchase Class I shares or Class IS shares through a Service Agent acting as agent on behalf of its customers are subject to the initial and subsequent minimums of $1,000/$50. If a Service Agent does not have this arrangement in place with LMIS, the initial and subsequent minimums listed in the table apply. Please contact your Service Agent for more information.
Your Service Agent may impose different investment minimums.

For more information about how to purchase, redeem or exchange shares, and to learn which classes of shares are available to you, you should contact your Service Agent, or, if you hold your shares or plan to purchase shares through the fund, you should contact the fund by phone at 1-877-721-1926, by regular mail at Legg Mason Funds, P.O. Box 9699, Providence, RI 02940-9699 or by express, certified or registered mail at Legg Mason Funds, 4400 Computer Drive, Westborough, MA 01581.

Tax information

The fund’s distributions are generally taxable as ordinary income or capital gains.

Payments to broker/dealers and other financial intermediaries

The fund’s related companies may pay Service Agents for the sale of fund shares, shareholder services and other purposes. These payments create a conflict of interest by influencing your Service Agent or its employees or associated persons to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your financial adviser or salesperson or visit your Service Agent’s or salesperson’s website for more information.