Columbia Variable Portfolio - Dividend Opportunity Fund
<head_breaker>

SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND
Investment Objective
Columbia Variable Portfolio (VP) – Dividend Opportunity Fund (the Fund) seeks to provide shareholders with a high level of current income and, as a secondary objective, steady growth of capital.
Fees and Expenses of the Fund
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay as an investor in the Fund. The table does not reflect any fees or expenses imposed by your Contract or Qualified Plan, which are disclosed in your separate Contract prospectus or Qualified Plan disclosure documents. If the additional fees or expenses were reflected, the expenses set forth below would be higher.
    
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Class 1	Class 2	Class 3
Management fees	0.65%	0.65%	0.65%
Distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees	0.00%	0.25%	0.13%
Other expenses(a)	0.07%	0.07%	0.07%
Total annual Fund operating expenses	0.72%	0.97%	0.85%
(a)	Other expenses have been restated to reflect current fees paid by the Fund.
Example
The following example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example illustrates the hypothetical expenses that you would incur over the time periods indicated, and assumes that:
■	you invest $10,000 in the applicable class of Fund shares for the periods indicated,
■	your investment has a 5% return each year, and
■	the Fund’s total annual operating expenses remain the same as shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above.
The example does not reflect any fees and expenses that apply to your Contract or Qualified Plan. Inclusion of these charges would increase expenses for all periods shown.
Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on the assumptions listed above, your costs would be:
    
 	1 year	3 years	5 years	10 years
Class 1 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$74	$230	$401	$ 894
Class 2 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$99	$309	$536	$1,190
Class 3 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$86	$271	$471	$1,049
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund may pay transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 62% of the average value of its portfolio.
Principal Investment Strategies
The Fund’s assets primarily are invested in equity securities. Under normal market conditions, the Fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets (including the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) in dividend-paying common and preferred stocks. The selection of dividend-paying stocks is the primary decision in building the
16	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND (continued)
investment portfolio. The Fund invests principally in securities of companies believed to be attractively valued and to have the potential for long-term growth. The Fund may invest in companies that have market capitalizations of any size. The Fund may from time to time emphasize one or more sectors in selecting its investments, including the energy sector.
The Fund may invest up to 25% of its net assets in foreign investments. The Fund may invest directly in foreign securities or indirectly through depositary receipts.
The Fund may invest in derivatives, such as structured investments (including equity-linked notes), for investment purposes, for risk management (hedging) purposes and to increase investment flexibility.
Principal Risks
An investment in the Fund involves risks, including those described below. There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective and you may lose money. The value of the Fund’s holdings may decline, and the Fund’s net asset value (NAV) and share price may go down. An investment in the Fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
Active Management Risk. Due to its active management, the Fund could underperform its benchmark index and/or other funds with similar investment objectives and/or strategies.
Changing Distribution Level Risk. The Fund will normally receive income which may include interest, dividends and/or capital gains, depending upon its investments. The amount of the distributions the Fund pays will vary and generally depends on the amount of income the Fund earns (less expenses) on its portfolio holdings, and capital gains or losses it recognizes. A decline in the Fund’s income or net capital gains from its investments may reduce its distribution level.
Counterparty Risk. Counterparty risk is the risk that a counterparty to a transaction in a financial instrument held by the Fund or by a special purpose or structured vehicle invested in by the Fund may become insolvent or otherwise fail to perform its obligations. As a result, the Fund may obtain no or limited recovery of its investment, and any recovery may be significantly delayed.
Depositary Receipts Risk. Depositary receipts are receipts issued by a bank or trust company reflecting ownership of underlying securities issued by foreign companies. Some foreign securities are traded in the form of American Depositary Receipts and/or Global Depositary Receipts. Depositary receipts involve risks similar to the risks associated with investments in foreign securities, including those associated with investing in the particular country of an issuer, which may be related to the particular political, regulatory, economic, social and other conditions or events, including, for example, military confrontations, war and terrorism, occurring in the country and fluctuations in such country’s currency, as well as market risk tied to the underlying foreign company. In addition, holders of depositary receipts may have limited voting rights, may not have the same rights afforded to stockholders of a typical domestic company in the event of a corporate action, such as an acquisition, merger or rights offering, and may experience difficulty in receiving company stockholder communications. There is no guarantee that a financial institution will continue to sponsor a depositary receipt, or that a depositary receipt will continue to trade on an exchange, either of which could adversely affect the liquidity, availability and pricing of the depositary receipt. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates will affect the value of depositary receipts and, therefore, may affect the value of your investment in the Fund. The Fund may invest significantly in depositary receipts.
Derivatives Risk. Derivatives may involve significant risks. Derivatives are financial instruments with a value in relation to, or derived from, the value of an underlying asset(s) or other reference, such as an index, rate or other economic indicator (each an underlying reference). Derivatives may include those that are privately placed or otherwise exempt from SEC registration, including certain Rule 144A eligible securities. Derivatives could result in Fund losses if the underlying reference does not perform as anticipated. Use of derivatives is a highly specialized activity that can involve investment techniques, risks, and tax planning different from those associated with more traditional investment instruments. The Fund’s derivatives strategy may not be successful and use of certain derivatives could result in substantial, potentially unlimited, losses to the Fund regardless of the Fund’s actual investment. A relatively small movement in the price, rate or other economic indicator associated with the underlying reference may result in substantial loss for the Fund. Derivatives may be more volatile than other types of
PROSPECTUS 2018	17
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND (continued)
investments. The value of derivatives may be influenced by a variety of factors, including national and international political and economic developments. Potential changes to the regulation of the derivatives markets may make derivatives more costly, may limit the market for derivatives, or may otherwise adversely affect the value or performance of derivatives. Derivatives can increase the Fund’s risk exposure to underlying references and their attendant risks, such as credit risk, market risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, while exposing the Fund to correlation risk, counterparty risk, hedging risk, leverage risk, liquidity risk, pricing risk and volatility risk.
Derivatives Risk – Structured Investments Risk. Structured investments are over-the-counter derivatives that provide principal and/or interest payments based on the value of an underlying reference(s). Structured investments may lack a liquid secondary market and their prices or value can be volatile which could result in significant losses for the Fund. Structured investments may create economic leverage which may increase the volatility of the value of the investment. Structured investments can increase the Fund’s risk exposure to underlying references and their attendant risks, such as credit risk, market risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, while also exposing the Fund to correlation risk, counterparty risk, hedging risk, leverage risk, liquidity risk, pricing risk and volatility risk.
Foreign Securities Risk. Investments in or exposure to foreign securities involve certain risks not associated with investments in or exposure to securities of U.S. companies. Foreign securities subject the Fund to the risks associated with investing in the particular country of an issuer, including political, regulatory, economic, social, diplomatic and other conditions or events (including, for example, military confrontations, war and terrorism), occurring in the country or region, as well as risks associated with less developed custody and settlement practices. Foreign securities may be more volatile and less liquid than securities of U.S. companies, and are subject to the risks associated with potential imposition of economic and other sanctions against a particular foreign country, its nationals or industries or businesses within the country. In addition, foreign governments may impose withholding or other taxes on the Fund’s income, capital gains or proceeds from the disposition of foreign securities, which could reduce the Fund’s return on such securities. The performance of the Fund may also be negatively affected by fluctuations in a foreign currency's strength or weakness relative to the U.S. dollar, particularly to the extent the Fund invests a significant percentage of its assets in foreign securities or other assets denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
Issuer Risk. An issuer in which the Fund invests or to which it has exposure may perform poorly, and the value of its securities may therefore decline, which would negatively affect the Fund’s performance. Poor performance may be caused by poor management decisions, competitive pressures, breakthroughs in technology, reliance on suppliers, labor problems or shortages, corporate restructurings, fraudulent disclosures, natural disasters or other events, conditions or factors. The market capitalization of an issuer may also impact its risk profile. Investments in larger, more established companies may involve certain risks associated with their larger size. For instance, larger, more established companies may be less able to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in consumer tastes or innovation from smaller competitors. Also, larger companies are sometimes less able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion.
Market Risk. Market risk refers to the possibility that the market values of securities or other investments that the Fund holds will fall, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, or fail to rise. An investment in the Fund could lose money over short or long periods.
Preferred Stock Risk. Preferred stock is a type of stock that generally pays dividends at a specified rate and that has preference over common stock in the payment of dividends and the liquidation of assets. Preferred stock does not ordinarily carry voting rights. The price of a preferred stock is generally determined by earnings, type of products or services, projected growth rates, experience of management, liquidity, and general market conditions of the markets on which the stock trades. The most significant risks associated with investments in preferred stock include issuer risk, market risk and interest rate risk (i.e., the risk of losses attributable to changes in interest rates).
18	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND (continued)
Sector Risk. At times, the Fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a related group of industries within a sector, including the energy sector. Companies in the same sector may be similarly affected by economic, regulatory, political or market events or conditions, which may make the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that sector than funds that invest more broadly. Generally, the more broadly the Fund invests, the more it spreads risk and potentially reduces the risks of loss and volatility.
Energy Sector. The Fund may be more susceptible to the particular risks that may affect companies in the energy sector than if it were invested in a wider variety of companies in unrelated sectors. Companies in the energy sector are subject to certain risks, including legislative or regulatory changes, adverse market conditions and increased competition. Performance of such companies may be affected by factors including, among others, fluctuations in energy prices and supply and demand of energy fuels, energy conservation, the success of exploration projects, local and international politics, and events occurring in nature. For instance, natural events (such as earthquakes, hurricanes or fires in prime natural resources areas) and political events (such as government instability or military confrontations) can affect the value of companies involved in business activities in the energy sector. Other risks may include liabilities for environmental damage and general civil liabilities, depletion of resources, and mandated expenditures for safety and pollution control. The energy sector may also be affected by economic cycles, rising interest rates, high inflation, technical progress, labor relations, legislative or regulatory changes, local and international politics, and adverse market conditions.
Small- and Mid-Cap Company Securities Risk. Investments in small- and mid-capitalization companies (small- and mid-cap companies) often involve greater risks than investments in larger, more established companies (larger companies) because small- and mid-cap companies tend to have less predictable earnings and may lack the management experience, financial resources, product diversification and competitive strengths of larger companies. Securities of small- and mid-cap companies may be less liquid and more volatile than the securities of larger companies.
Value Securities Risk. Value securities are securities of companies that may have experienced, for example, adverse business, industry or other developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the securities to be out of favor and, in turn, potentially undervalued. The market value of a portfolio security may not meet portfolio management’s perceived value assessment of that security, or may decline in price, even though portfolio management believes the securities are already undervalued. There is also a risk that it may take longer than expected for the value of these investments to rise to portfolio management’s perceived value. In addition, value securities, at times, may not perform as well as growth securities or the stock market in general, and may be out of favor with investors for varying periods of time.
Performance Information
The following bar chart and table show you how the Fund has performed in the past, and can help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The bar chart shows how the Fund’s Class 3 share performance has varied for each full calendar year shown. The table below the bar chart compares the Fund’s returns for the periods shown with a broad measure of market performance, as well as another measure of performance for markets in which the Fund may invest.
The performance of one or more share classes shown in the table below begins before the indicated inception date for such share class. The returns shown for each such share class include the returns of the Fund’s Class 3 shares (adjusted to reflect the higher class-related operating expenses of such classes, where applicable) for periods prior to its inception date. Except for differences in annual returns resulting from differences in expenses (where applicable), the share classes of the Fund would have substantially similar annual returns because all share classes of the Fund invest in the same portfolio of securities.
The returns shown do not reflect any fees and expenses imposed under your Contract or Qualified Plan and would be lower if they did.
PROSPECTUS 2018	19
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND (continued)
The Fund’s past performance is no guarantee of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated performance information can be obtained by calling toll-free 800.345.6611 or visiting columbiathreadneedle.com/us.
    
Year by Year Total Return (%)
as of December 31 Each Year	Best and Worst Quarterly Returns
During the Period Shown in the Bar Chart

Best	3rd Quarter 2009	17.80%
Worst
4th Quarter 2008	-23.96%
Average Annual Total Returns (for periods ended December 31, 2017)
 	Share Class
Inception Date	1 Year	5 Years	10 Years
Class 1	05/03/2010	14.38%	12.06%	5.47%
Class 2	05/03/2010	14.12%	11.79%	5.23%
Class 3	09/15/1999	14.28%	11.93%	5.37%
MSCI USA High Dividend Yield Index (Net) (reflects reinvested dividends net of withholding taxes but reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or other taxes)	 	18.45%	14.58%	8.88%
Russell 1000 Value Index (reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or taxes)	 	13.66%	14.04%	7.10%
  
Fund Management
Investment Manager: Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC
    
Portfolio Manager	 	Title	 	Role with Fund	 	Managed Fund Since
David King, CFA	 	Senior Portfolio Manager	 	Lead Portfolio Manager	 	May 2018
Yan Jin	 	Senior Portfolio Manager	 	Portfolio Manager	 	May 2018
Harrison Chan	 	Associate Investment Analyst	 	Portfolio Manager	 	May 2018
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
The Fund is available for purchase through Contracts offered by the separate accounts of participating insurance companies or Qualified Plans or by other eligible investors authorized by Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor). Shares of the Fund may not be purchased or sold by individual owners of Contracts or Qualified Plans. If you are a Contract holder or Qualified Plan participant, please refer to your separate Contract prospectus or Qualified Plan disclosure documents for information about minimum investment requirements and how to purchase and redeem shares of the Fund on days the Fund is open for business.
Tax Information
The Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and does not expect to make regular distributions (other than in redemption of Fund shares) to shareholders which are generally the participating insurance companies investing in the Fund through separate accounts or Qualified Plans or certain other eligible
20	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND (continued)
investors authorized by the Distributor. You should consult with the participating insurance company that issued your Contract, plan sponsor or other eligible investor through which your investment in the Fund is made regarding the U.S. federal income taxation of your investment.
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries
If you make allocations to the Fund, the Fund, its Distributor or other related companies may pay participating insurance companies or other financial intermediaries for the allocation (sale) of Fund shares and related services in connection with such allocations to the Fund. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the participating insurance company, other financial intermediary or your salesperson to recommend an allocation to the Fund over another fund or other investment option. Ask your financial advisor or salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.