Columbia Variable Portfolio - Government Money Market Fund
<head_breaker>

SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND
Investment Objective
Columbia Variable Portfolio (VP) – Government Money Market Fund (the Fund) seeks to provide shareholders with maximum current income consistent with liquidity and stability of principal.
Fees and Expenses of the Fund
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay as an investor in the Fund. The table does not reflect any fees or expenses imposed by your Contract or Qualified Plan, which are disclosed in your separate Contract prospectus or Qualified Plan disclosure documents. If the additional fees or expenses were reflected, the expenses set forth below would be higher.
    
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Class 1	Class 2	Class 3
Management fees	0.39%	0.39%	0.39%
Distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees	0.00%	0.25%	0.13%
Other expenses	0.11%	0.11%	0.11%
Total annual Fund operating expenses	0.50%	0.75%	0.63%
Less: Fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements(a)	(0.20%)	(0.20%)	(0.20%)
Total annual Fund operating expenses after fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements	0.30%	0.55%	0.43%
(a)	Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC and certain of its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or to reimburse expenses (excluding transaction costs and certain other investment related expenses, interest, taxes, acquired fund fees and expenses, and infrequent and/or unusual expenses) through April 30, 2019, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund’s Board of Trustees. Under this agreement, the Fund’s net operating expenses, subject to applicable exclusions, will not exceed the annual rates of 0.30% for Class 1, 0.55% for Class 2 and 0.425% for Class 3.
Example
The following example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example illustrates the hypothetical expenses that you would incur over the time periods indicated, and assumes that:
■	you invest $10,000 in the applicable class of Fund shares for the periods indicated,
■	your investment has a 5% return each year, and
■	the Fund’s total annual operating expenses remain the same as shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above.
The example does not reflect any fees and expenses that apply to your Contract or Qualified Plan. Inclusion of these charges would increase expenses for all periods shown.
Since the waivers and/or reimbursements shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above expire as indicated in the preceding table, they are only reflected in the 1 year example and the first year of the other examples. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on the assumptions listed above, your costs would be:
    
 	1 year	3 years	5 years	10 years
Class 1 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$31	$140	$260	$609
Class 2 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$56	$220	$397	$912
Class 3 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$44	$182	$331	$767
38	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND (continued)
Principal Investment Strategies
The Fund invests at least 99.5% of its total assets in government securities, cash and/or repurchase agreements collateralized solely by government securities or cash. For purposes of this policy, “government securities” are any securities issued or guaranteed as to principal or interest by the United States, or by a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an instrumentality of the Government of the United States pursuant to authority granted by the Congress of the United States, or any certificate of deposit for any of the foregoing.
The Fund typically invests in U.S. Treasury bills, notes and other obligations issued or guaranteed as to principal and interest by the U.S. Government, its agencies or instrumentalities, and repurchase agreements secured by such obligations. The Fund may invest in variable and floating rate instruments, and may transact in securities on a when-issued, delayed delivery or forward commitment basis. The Fund invests in a portfolio of securities maturing in 397 days or less (as maturity is calculated by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules governing the operation of money market funds) that will have a dollar-weighted average maturity of 60 days or less and a dollar-weighted average life of 120 days or less.
The securities purchased by the Fund are subject to the quality, diversification, and other requirements of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), and other rules of the SEC. Under normal market conditions, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (including the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) in government securities and/or repurchase securities that are collateralized by government securities. The Fund will only purchase government securities, cash, repurchase agreements collateralized solely by government securities or cash, and up to 0.5% of the Fund’s total assets may be invested in other securities that present minimal credit risk as determined by Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC, the Fund’s investment manager (the Investment Manager), pursuant to guidelines approved by the Fund’s Board of Trustees.
The Board of Trustees of the Fund has determined that the Fund will not be subject to liquidity fees and redemption gates at this time.
Principal Risks
You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the net asset value (NAV) of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other government agency. The Fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor or any person will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.
The principal risks associated with an investment in the Fund include:
Active Management Risk. Due to its active management, the Fund could underperform other funds with similar investment objectives and/or strategies.
Changing Distribution Level Risk. The Fund will normally receive income which may include interest, dividends and/or capital gains, depending upon its investments. The amount of the distributions the Fund pays will vary and generally depends on the amount of income the Fund earns (less expenses) on its portfolio holdings, and capital gains or losses it recognizes. A decline in the Fund’s income or net capital gains from its investments may reduce its distribution level.
Credit Risk. Credit risk is the risk that the value of a security or instrument in the Fund’s portfolio may or will decline if the issuer fails to pay interest or repay principal when due. The value of debt instruments may decline if the issuer of the instrument defaults or otherwise becomes unable or unwilling, or is perceived to be unable or unwilling, to honor its financial obligations, such as making payments to the Fund when due. Rating agencies assign credit ratings to certain debt instruments to indicate their credit risk. Unrated instruments held by the Fund may present increased credit risk as compared to higher-rated instruments. If the Fund purchases unrated instruments, or if the ratings of instruments held by the Fund are lowered after purchase, the Fund will depend on analysis of credit risk more heavily than usual.
PROSPECTUS 2018	39
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND (continued)
Interest Rate Risk. Interest rate risk is the risk of losses attributable to changes in interest rates. In general, if prevailing interest rates rise, the values of debt instruments tend to fall, and if interest rates fall, the values of debt instruments tend to rise. Changes in the value of a debt instrument usually will not affect the amount of income the Fund receives from it but will generally affect the value of your investment in the Fund. Interest rate declines also may increase prepayments of debt obligations, which, in turn, would increase prepayment risk. Similarly, a period of rising interest rates may negatively impact the Fund’s performance. Actions by governments and central banking authorities can result in increases in interest rates. Such actions may negatively affect the value of debt instruments held by the Fund, resulting in a negative impact on the Fund's performance and NAV. The Fund’s yield will vary; it is not fixed for a specific period like the yield on a bank certificate of deposit. Under certain circumstances, the yield decline could cause the Fund’s net yield to be negative (such as when Fund expenses exceed income levels). Rising interest rates may prompt redemptions from the Fund, which may force the Fund to sell investments at a time when it is not advantageous to do so, which could result in losses.
Market Risk. Market risk refers to the possibility that the market values of securities or other investments that the Fund holds will fall, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, or fail to rise. An investment in the Fund could lose money over short or long periods.
Money Market Fund Risk . Although government money market funds (such as the Fund) may seek to preserve the value of shareholders’ investment at $1.00 per share, the NAVs of such money market fund shares can fall, and in infrequent cases in the past have fallen, below $1.00 per share, potentially causing shareholders who redeem their shares at such NAVs to lose money from their original investment.
At times of (i) significant redemption activity by shareholders, including, for example, when a single investor or a few large investors make a significant redemption of Fund shares, (ii) insufficient levels of cash in the Fund's portfolio to satisfy redemption activity, and (iii) disruption in the normal operation of the markets in which the Fund buys and sells portfolio securities, the Fund could be forced to sell portfolio securities at unfavorable prices in order to generate sufficient cash to pay redeeming shareholders. Sales of portfolio securities at such times could result in losses to the Fund and cause the NAV of Fund shares to fall below $1.00 per share. Additionally, in some cases, the default of a single portfolio security could cause the NAV of Fund shares to fall below $1.00 per share. In addition, neither the Investment Manager nor any of its affiliates has a legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that they or any person will provide financial support to the Fund at any time. The Fund may suspend redemptions or the payment of redemption proceeds when permitted by applicable regulations.
Reinvestment Risk. Reinvestment risk is the risk that the Fund will not be able to reinvest income or principal at the same return it is currently earning.
Repurchase Agreements  Risk. Repurchase agreements are agreements in which the seller of a security to the Fund agrees to repurchase that security from the Fund at a mutually agreed upon price and time. Repurchase agreements carry the risk that the counterparty may not fulfill its obligations under the agreement. This could cause the Fund's income and the value of your investment in the Fund to decline.
U.S. Government Obligations Risk. While U.S. Treasury obligations are backed by the “full faith and credit” of the U.S. Government, such securities are nonetheless subject to credit risk (i.e., the risk that the U.S. Government may be, or be perceived to be, unable or unwilling to honor its financial obligations, such as making payments). Securities issued or guaranteed by federal agencies or authorities and U.S. Government-sponsored instrumentalities or enterprises may or may not be backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government.
Performance Information
The following bar chart and table show you how the Fund has performed in the past, and can help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The bar chart shows how the Fund’s Class 3 share performance has varied for each full calendar year shown. The performance of one or more share classes shown in the table below begins before the indicated inception date for such share class. The returns shown for each such share class include the returns of the Fund’s Class 3 shares (adjusted to reflect the higher class-related operating expenses of such classes,
40	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND (continued)
where applicable) for periods prior to its inception date. Except for differences in annual returns resulting from differences in expenses (where applicable), the share classes of the Fund would have substantially similar annual returns because all share classes of the Fund invest in the same portfolio of securities.
The returns shown do not reflect any fees and expenses imposed under your Contract or Qualified Plan and would be lower if they did.
Prior to May 1, 2016, the Fund operated as a prime money market fund and invested in certain types of securities that the Fund is no longer permitted to hold to any significant extent (i.e., over 0.5% of total assets). Consequently, the performance information may have been different if the current investment limitations had been in effect during the period prior to the Fund’s conversion to a government money market fund.
The Fund’s past performance is no guarantee of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated performance information, including current 7-day yield, can be obtained by calling toll-free 800.345.6611.
    
Year by Year Total Return (%)
as of December 31 Each Year	Best and Worst Quarterly Returns
During the Period Shown in the Bar Chart

Best	1st Quarter 2008	0.84%
Worst
1st Quarter 2010	0.002%
Average Annual Total Returns (for periods ended December 31, 2017)
 	Share Class
Inception Date	1 Year	5 Years	10 Years
Class 1	05/03/2010	0.43%	0.09%	0.28%
Class 2	05/03/2010	0.18%	0.04%	0.26%
Class 3	10/13/1981	0.30%	0.07%	0.27%
  
Fund Management
Investment Manager: Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
The Fund is available for purchase through Contracts offered by the separate accounts of participating insurance companies or Qualified Plans or by other eligible investors authorized by Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor). Shares of the Fund may not be purchased or sold by individual owners of Contracts or Qualified Plans. If you are a Contract holder or Qualified Plan participant, please refer to your separate Contract prospectus or Qualified Plan disclosure documents for information about minimum investment requirements and how to purchase and redeem shares of the Fund on days the Fund is open for business.
PROSPECTUS 2018	41
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND (continued)
Tax Information
The Fund normally distributes its net investment income and net realized capital gains, if any, to its shareholders, which are generally the participating insurance companies and Qualified Plans investing in the Fund through separate accounts. These distributions may not be taxable to you as the holder of a Contract or a participant in a Qualified Plan. Please consult the prospectus or other information provided to you by your participating insurance company and/or Qualified Plan regarding the U.S. federal income taxation of your contract, policy and/or plan.
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries
If you make allocations to the Fund, the Fund, its Distributor or other related companies may pay participating insurance companies or other financial intermediaries for the allocation (sale) of Fund shares and related services in connection with such allocations to the Fund. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the participating insurance company, other financial intermediary or your salesperson to recommend an allocation to the Fund over another fund or other investment option. Ask your financial advisor or salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.