Columbia Dividend Opportunity Fund
<head_breaker>

SUMMARY OF THE FUND
Investment Objective
Columbia Dividend Opportunity Fund (the Fund) seeks to provide shareholders with a high level of current income. The Fund’s secondary objective is growth of income and capital.
Fees and Expenses of the Fund
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. The front-end sales charge applicable to Class T shares is a per-transaction charge, meaning that separate orders will not be aggregated for purposes of calculating the rate of the sales charge payable. An investor transacting in a class of Fund shares without any front-end sales charge, contingent deferred sales charge, or other asset-based fee for sales or distribution may be required to pay a commission to the financial intermediary for effecting such transactions. Such commission rates are set by the financial intermediary and are not reflected in the tables or the example below. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and members of your immediate family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in certain classes of shares of eligible funds distributed by Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor). More information is available about these and other sales charge discounts and waivers from your financial intermediary, and can be found in the Choosing a Share Class section beginning on page 22 of the Fund’s prospectus, in Appendix A to the prospectus beginning on page A-1 and in Appendix S to the Statement of Additional Information (SAI) under Sales Charge Waivers beginning on page S-1.
    
Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment)
 	Class A	Class C	Class T	Classes Adv, Inst,
Inst2, Inst3 and R
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on purchases (as a % of offering price)	5.75%	None	2.50%	None
Maximum deferred sales charge (load) imposed on redemptions (as a % of the lower of the original purchase price or current net asset value)	1.00% (a)	1.00% (b)	None	None
    
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Class A	Class Adv	Class C	Class Inst	Class Inst2	Class Inst3	Class R	Class T
Management fees	0.61%	0.61%	0.61%	0.61%	0.61%	0.61%	0.61%	0.61%
Distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees	0.25%	0.00%	1.00%	0.00%	0.00%	0.00%	0.50%	0.25%
Other expenses	0.12%	0.12%	0.12%	0.12%	0.08%	0.03%	0.12%	0.12%
Total annual Fund operating expenses	0.98%	0.73%	1.73%	0.73%	0.69%	0.64%	1.23%	0.98%
Less: Fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements(c)	0.00%	0.00%	0.00%	0.00%	(0.01%)	(0.01%)	0.00%	0.00%
Total annual Fund operating expenses after fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements	0.98%	0.73%	1.73%	0.73%	0.68%	0.63%	1.23%	0.98%
(a)	This charge is imposed on certain investments of between $1 million and $50 million redeemed within 18 months after purchase, as follows: 1.00% if redeemed within 12 months after purchase, and 0.50% if redeemed more than 12, but less than 18, months after purchase, with certain limited exceptions.
(b)	This charge applies to redemptions within 12 months after purchase, with certain limited exceptions.
(c)	The Fund’s transfer agent has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or to reimburse expenses through September 30, 2019, unless sooner terminated by the Fund’s Board of Trustees (the Board), so that the fees payable under the Fund’s transfer agency agreement do not exceed the annual rates of 0.05% for Class Inst2 and 0.00% for Class Inst3.
Example
The following example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example illustrates the hypothetical expenses that you would incur over the time periods indicated, and assumes that:
■	you invest $10,000 in the applicable class of Fund shares for the periods indicated,
■	your investment has a 5% return each year, and
PROSPECTUS 2018	3
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
■	the Fund’s total annual operating expenses remain the same as shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above.
Since the waivers and/or reimbursements shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above expire as indicated in the preceding table, they are only reflected in the 1 year example and the first year of the other examples. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on the assumptions listed above, your costs would be:
    
 	1 year	3 years	5 years	10 years
Class A (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$669	$869	$1,086	$1,707
Class Adv (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 75	$233	$ 406	$ 906
Class C (assuming redemption of all shares at the end of the period)	$276	$545	$ 939	$2,041
Class C (assuming no redemption of shares)	$176	$545	$ 939	$2,041
Class Inst (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 75	$233	$ 406	$ 906
Class Inst2 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 69	$220	$ 383	$ 858
Class Inst3 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 64	$204	$ 356	$ 797
Class R (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$125	$390	$ 676	$1,489
Class T (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$347	$554	$ 778	$1,421
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund may pay transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 65% of the average value of its portfolio.
Principal Investment Strategies
The Fund’s assets primarily are invested in equity securities. Under normal market conditions, the Fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets (including the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) in dividend-paying common and preferred stocks. The selection of dividend-paying stocks is the primary decision in building the investment portfolio. The Fund invests principally in securities of companies believed to be attractively valued and to have the potential for long-term growth. The Fund may invest in companies that have market capitalizations of any size.
The Fund may invest up to 25% of its net assets in foreign investments. The Fund may from time to time emphasize one or more sectors in selecting its investments, including the energy sector.
The Fund may invest in derivatives, such as structured investments (including equity-linked notes), for investment purposes, for risk management (hedging) purposes and to increase investment flexibility.
Principal Risks
An investment in the Fund involves risks, including those described below. There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective and you may lose money. The value of the Fund’s holdings may decline, and the Fund’s net asset value (NAV) and share price may go down. An investment in the Fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
Active Management Risk. Due to its active management, the Fund could underperform its benchmark index and/or other funds with similar investment objectives and/or strategies.
4	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
Changing Distribution Level Risk. The Fund will normally receive income which may include interest, dividends and/or capital gains, depending upon its investments. The amount of the distributions the Fund pays will vary and generally depends on the amount of income the Fund earns (less expenses) on its portfolio holdings, and capital gains or losses it recognizes. A decline in the Fund’s income or net capital gains from its investments may reduce its distribution level.
Counterparty Risk. Counterparty risk is the risk that a counterparty to a transaction in a financial instrument held by the Fund or by a special purpose or structured vehicle invested in by the Fund may become insolvent or otherwise fail to perform its obligations. As a result, the Fund may obtain no or limited recovery of its investment, and any recovery may be significantly delayed.
Derivatives Risk. Derivatives may involve significant risks. Derivatives are financial instruments with a value in relation to, or derived from, the value of an underlying asset(s) or other reference, such as an index, rate or other economic indicator (each an underlying reference). Derivatives may include those that are privately placed or otherwise exempt from SEC registration, including certain Rule 144A eligible securities. Derivatives could result in Fund losses if the underlying reference does not perform as anticipated. Use of derivatives is a highly specialized activity that can involve investment techniques, risks, and tax planning different from those associated with more traditional investment instruments. The Fund’s derivatives strategy may not be successful and use of certain derivatives could result in substantial, potentially unlimited, losses to the Fund regardless of the Fund’s actual investment. A relatively small movement in the price, rate or other economic indicator associated with the underlying reference may result in substantial loss for the Fund. Derivatives may be more volatile than other types of investments. The value of derivatives may be influenced by a variety of factors, including national and international political and economic developments. Potential changes to the regulation of the derivatives markets may make derivatives more costly, may limit the market for derivatives, or may otherwise adversely affect the value or performance of derivatives. Derivatives can increase the Fund’s risk exposure to underlying references and their attendant risks, such as credit risk, market risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, while exposing the Fund to correlation risk, counterparty risk, hedging risk, leverage risk, liquidity risk, pricing risk and volatility risk.
Derivatives Risk – Structured Investments Risk. Structured investments are over-the-counter derivatives that provide principal and/or interest payments based on the value of an underlying reference(s). Structured investments may lack a liquid secondary market and their prices or value can be volatile which could result in significant losses for the Fund. Structured investments may create economic leverage which may increase the volatility of the value of the investment. Structured investments can increase the Fund’s risk exposure to underlying references and their attendant risks, such as credit risk, market risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, while also exposing the Fund to correlation risk, counterparty risk, hedging risk, leverage risk, liquidity risk, pricing risk and volatility risk.
Foreign Securities Risk. Investments in or exposure to foreign securities involve certain risks not associated with investments in or exposure to securities of U.S. companies. Foreign securities subject the Fund to the risks associated with investing in the particular country of an issuer, including political, regulatory, economic, social, diplomatic and other conditions or events (including, for example, military confrontations, war and terrorism), occurring in the country or region, as well as risks associated with less developed custody and settlement practices. Foreign securities may be more volatile and less liquid than securities of U.S. companies, and are subject to the risks associated with potential imposition of economic and other sanctions against a particular foreign country, its nationals or industries or businesses within the country. In addition, foreign governments may impose withholding or other taxes on the Fund’s income, capital gains or proceeds from the disposition of foreign securities, which could reduce the Fund’s return on such securities. The performance of the Fund may also be negatively affected by fluctuations in a foreign currency's strength or weakness relative to the U.S. dollar, particularly to the extent the Fund invests a significant percentage of its assets in foreign securities or other assets denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
Issuer Risk. An issuer in which the Fund invests or to which it has exposure may perform poorly, and the value of its securities may therefore decline, which would negatively affect the Fund’s performance. Poor performance may be caused by poor management decisions, competitive pressures, breakthroughs in technology, reliance on suppliers, labor problems or shortages, corporate restructurings, fraudulent disclosures, natural disasters or other events, conditions or factors. The market capitalization of an issuer may also impact its risk profile. Investments in larger,
PROSPECTUS 2018	5
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
more established companies may involve certain risks associated with their larger size. For instance, larger, more established companies may be less able to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in consumer tastes or innovation from smaller competitors. Also, larger companies are sometimes less able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion.
Market Risk. Market risk refers to the possibility that the market values of securities or other investments that the Fund holds will fall, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, or fail to rise. An investment in the Fund could lose money over short or long periods.
Preferred Stock Risk. Preferred stock is a type of stock that generally pays dividends at a specified rate and that has preference over common stock in the payment of dividends and the liquidation of assets. Preferred stock does not ordinarily carry voting rights. The price of a preferred stock is generally determined by earnings, type of products or services, projected growth rates, experience of management, liquidity, and general market conditions of the markets on which the stock trades. The most significant risks associated with investments in preferred stock include issuer risk, market risk and interest rate risk (i.e., the risk of losses attributable to changes in interest rates).
Sector Risk. At times, the Fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business within one or more economic sectors, including the energy sector. Companies in the same sector may be similarly affected by economic, regulatory, political or market events or conditions, which may make the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that sector than funds that invest more broadly. Generally, the more broadly the Fund invests, the more it spreads risk and potentially reduces the risks of loss and volatility.
Energy Sector. The Fund may be more susceptible to the particular risks that may affect companies in the energy sector than if it were invested in a wider variety of companies in unrelated sectors. Companies in the energy sector are subject to certain risks, including legislative or regulatory changes, adverse market conditions and increased competition. Performance of such companies may be affected by factors including, among others, fluctuations in energy prices and supply and demand of energy fuels, energy conservation, the success of exploration projects, local and international politics, and events occurring in nature. For instance, natural events (such as earthquakes, hurricanes or fires in prime natural resources areas) and political events (such as government instability or military confrontations) can affect the value of companies involved in business activities in the energy sector. Other risks may include liabilities for environmental damage and general civil liabilities, depletion of resources, and mandated expenditures for safety and pollution control. The energy sector may also be affected by economic cycles, rising interest rates, high inflation, technical progress, labor relations, legislative or regulatory changes, local and international politics, and adverse market conditions.
Small- and Mid-Cap Company Securities Risk. Investments in small- and mid-capitalization companies (small- and mid-cap companies) often involve greater risks than investments in larger, more established companies (larger companies) because small- and mid-cap companies tend to have less predictable earnings and may lack the management experience, financial resources, product diversification and competitive strengths of larger companies. Securities of small- and mid-cap companies may be less liquid and more volatile than the securities of larger companies.
Value Securities Risk. Value securities are securities of companies that may have experienced, for example, adverse business, industry or other developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the securities to be out of favor and, in turn, potentially undervalued. The market value of a portfolio security may not meet portfolio management’s perceived value assessment of that security, or may decline in price, even though portfolio management believes the securities are already undervalued. There is also a risk that it may take longer than expected for the value of these investments to rise to portfolio management’s perceived value. In addition, value securities, at times, may not perform as well as growth securities or the stock market in general, and may be out of favor with investors for varying periods of time.
Performance Information
The following bar chart and table show you how the Fund has performed in the past, and can help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The bar chart shows how the Fund’s Class A share performance (without sales charges) has varied for each full calendar year shown. If the sales charges were reflected, returns shown would be
6	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
lower. The table below the bar chart compares the Fund’s returns (after applicable sales charges shown in the Shareholder Fees table in this prospectus) for the periods shown with a broad measure of market performance, as well as another measure of performance for markets in which the Fund may invest.
The performance of one or more share classes shown in the table below begins before the indicated inception date for such share class. The returns shown for each such share class include the returns of the Fund’s Class A shares (without applicable sales charges and adjusted to reflect the higher class-related operating expenses of such share classes, where applicable) for periods prior to its inception date. Share classes with expenses that are higher than Class A shares will have performance that is lower than Class A shares (without sales charges). Except for differences in annual returns resulting from differences in expenses and sales charges (where applicable), the share classes of the Fund would have substantially similar annual returns because all share classes of the Fund invest in the same portfolio of securities.
The after-tax returns shown in the Average Annual Total Returns table below are calculated using the highest historical individual U.S. federal marginal income tax rates in effect during the period indicated in the table and do not reflect the impact of state, local or foreign taxes. Your actual after-tax returns will depend on your personal tax situation and may differ from those shown in the table. In addition, the after-tax returns shown in the table do not apply to shares held in tax-advantaged accounts such as 401(k) plans or Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs). The after-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares and will vary for other share classes.
The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is no guarantee of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated performance information can be obtained by calling toll-free 800.345.6611 or visiting columbiathreadneedleus.com.
    
Year by Year Total Return (%)
as of December 31 Each Year*	Best and Worst Quarterly Returns
During the Period Shown in the Bar Chart

Best	3rd Quarter 2009	17.62%
Worst
4th Quarter 2008	-19.73%
*	Year to Date return as of June 30, 2018: -0.62%
PROSPECTUS 2018	7
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
Average Annual Total Returns After Applicable Sales Charges (for periods ended December 31, 2017)
 	Share Class
Inception Date	1 Year	5 Years	10 Years
Class A	08/01/1988	 	 	 
returns before taxes	 	7.72%	10.42%	6.67%
returns after taxes on distributions	 	4.90%	7.59%	4.76%
returns after taxes on distributions and sale of Fund shares	 	6.61%	7.37%	4.69%
Class Adv returns before taxes	11/08/2012	14.55%	12.01%	7.43%
Class C returns before taxes	06/26/2000	12.51%	10.92%	6.50%
Class Inst returns before taxes	09/27/2010	14.51%	12.02%	7.50%
Class Inst2 returns before taxes	08/01/2008	14.55%	12.11%	7.67%
Class Inst3 returns before taxes	11/08/2012	14.76%	12.18%	7.52%
Class R returns before taxes	08/01/2008	14.02%	11.46%	7.02%
Class T returns before taxes	12/01/2006	11.46%	11.17%	7.01%
MSCI USA High Dividend Yield Index (Net) (reflects reinvested dividends net of
withholding taxes but reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or other taxes)	 	18.45%	14.58%	8.88%
Russell 1000 Value Index (reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or taxes)	 	13.66%	14.04%	7.10%
  
Fund Management
Investment Manager: Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC
    
Portfolio Manager	 	Title	 	Role with Fund	 	Managed Fund Since
David King, CFA	 	Senior Portfolio Manager	 	Lead Portfolio Manager	 	May 2018
Yan Jin	 	Senior Portfolio Manager	 	Portfolio Manager	 	May 2018
Harrison Chan, CFA	 	Associate Portfolio Manager	 	Portfolio Manager	 	May 2018
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
You may purchase or redeem shares of the Fund on any business day by contacting the Fund in the ways described below:
NOTE: The Fund’s mailing addresses are changing as follows*:
    
Online	 	Regular Mail	 	Express Mail	 	By Telephone
 	 	Through October 31, 2018	 	Through October 31, 2018	 	 
columbiathreadneedleus.com/investor/	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
P.O. Box 8081
Boston, MA 02266-8081	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
c/o DST Asset Manager
Solutions, Inc.
30 Dan Road, Suite 8081
Canton, MA 02021-2809	 	800.422.3737
 	 	Regular Mail	 	Express Mail	 	 
 	 	Effective November 1, 2018	 	Effective November 1, 2018	 	 
 	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
P.O. Box 219104
Kansas City, MO 64121-9104	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
c/o DST Asset Manager
Solutions, Inc.
430 W 7th Street, Suite 219104
Kansas City, MO 64105-1407	 	 
*	Based on the dates noted above, mail received at an incorrect address will be forwarded to the correct address, and will not be processed until received, in “good form,” at the correct address. This may affect the trade date you receive for transaction requests, which may negatively impact the value of your purchase or sale.
8	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA DIVIDEND OPPORTUNITY FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
You may purchase shares and receive redemption proceeds by electronic funds transfer, by check or by wire. If you maintain your account with a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary, you must contact that financial intermediary to buy, sell or exchange shares of the Fund through your account with the intermediary.
The minimum initial investment amounts for the share classes offered by the Fund are shown below:
Minimum Initial Investment
    
Class	Category of eligible account	For accounts other than
systematic investment
plan accounts	For systematic investment
plan accounts
Classes A, C & T(a)	All accounts other than IRAs	$2,000	$100
IRAs	$1,000	$100
Classes Adv & Inst	All eligible accounts	$0, $1,000 or $2,000
depending upon the category
of eligible investor	$100
Classes Inst2 & R	All eligible accounts	None	N/A
Class Inst3	All eligible accounts	$0, $1,000, $2,000
or $1 million depending
upon the category
of eligible investor	$100 (for certain
eligible investors)
  
(a)	Class T shares must be purchased through financial intermediaries that, by written agreement with Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., are specifically authorized to sell Class T shares.
More information about these minimums can be found in the Buying, Selling and Exchanging Shares - Buying Shares section of the prospectus. There is no minimum additional investment for any share class.
Tax Information
The Fund normally distributes net investment income and net realized capital gains, if any, to shareholders. These distributions are generally taxable to you as ordinary income, qualified dividend income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-advantaged account, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA. If you are investing through a tax-advantaged account, you may be taxed upon withdrawals from that account.
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries
If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies — including Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC (the Investment Manager), Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor) and Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. (the Transfer Agent) — may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your financial advisor to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your financial advisor or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.