Columbia Overseas Value Fund
<head_breaker>

SUMMARY OF THE FUND
Investment Objective
Columbia Overseas Value Fund (the Fund) seeks long-term capital appreciation.
Fees and Expenses of the Fund
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. The front-end sales charge applicable to Class T shares is a per-transaction charge, meaning that separate orders will not be aggregated for purposes of calculating the rate of the sales charge payable. An investor transacting in a class of Fund shares without any front-end sales charge, contingent deferred sales charge, or other asset-based fee for sales or distribution may be required to pay a commission to the financial intermediary for effecting such transactions. Such commission rates are set by the financial intermediary and are not reflected in the tables or the example below. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and members of your immediate family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in certain classes of shares of eligible funds distributed by Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor). More information is available about these and other sales charge discounts and waivers from your financial intermediary, and can be found in the Choosing a Share Class section beginning on page 28 of the Fund’s prospectus, in Appendix A to the prospectus beginning on page A-1 and in Appendix S to the Statement of Additional Information (SAI) under Sales Charge Waivers beginning on page S-1.
    
Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment)
 	Class A	Class C
Class T	Classes
Adv, Inst, Inst2,
 Inst3 and R
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on purchases (as a % of offering price)	5.75%	None	2.50%	None
Maximum deferred sales charge (load) imposed on redemptions (as a % of the lower of the original purchase price or current net asset value)	1.00% (a)	1.00% (b)	None	None
    
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Class A	Class Adv	Class C	Class Inst	Class Inst2	Class Inst3	Class R	Class T
Management fees	0.85%	0.85%	0.85%	0.85%	0.85%	0.85%	0.85%	0.85%
Distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees	0.25%	0.00%	1.00%	0.00%	0.00%	0.00%	0.50%	0.25%
Other expenses(c)	0.25%	0.25%	0.25%	0.25%	0.14%	0.09%	0.25%	0.25%
Acquired fund fees and expenses	0.01%	0.01%	0.01%	0.01%	0.01%	0.01%	0.01%	0.01%
Total annual Fund operating expenses(d)	1.36%	1.11%	2.11%	1.11%	1.00%	0.95%	1.61%	1.36%
Less: Fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements(e)	(0.07%)	(0.07%)	(0.07%)	(0.07%)	(0.07%)	(0.07%)	(0.07%)	(0.07%)
Total annual Fund operating expenses after fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements	1.29%	1.04%	2.04%	1.04%	0.93%	0.88%	1.54%	1.29%
(a)	This charge is imposed on certain investments of between $1 million and $50 million redeemed within 18 months after purchase, as follows: 1.00% if redeemed within 12 months after purchase, and 0.50% if redeemed more than 12, but less than 18, months after purchase, with certain limited exceptions.
(b)	This charge applies to redemptions within 12 months after purchase, with certain limited exceptions.
(c)	Other expenses have been restated to reflect current transfer agency fees paid by the Fund.
(d)	“Total annual Fund operating expenses” include acquired fund fees and expenses (expenses the Fund incurs indirectly through its investments in other investment companies) and may be higher than “Total Net Expenses” shown in the Financial Highlights section of this prospectus because “Total Net Expenses” do not include acquired fund fees and expenses.
(e)	Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC and certain of its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or to reimburse expenses (excluding transaction costs and certain other investment related expenses, interest, taxes, acquired fund fees and expenses, and infrequent and/or unusual expenses) through June 30, 2019, unless sooner terminated at the sole discretion of the Fund’s Board of Trustees. Under this agreement, the Fund’s net operating expenses, subject to applicable exclusions, will not exceed the annual rates of 1.28% for Class A, 1.03% for Class Adv, 2.03% for Class C, 1.03% for Class Inst, 0.92% for Class Inst2, 0.87% for Class Inst3, 1.53% for Class R and 1.28% for Class T.
PROSPECTUS 2018	3
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA OVERSEAS VALUE FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
Example
The following example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example illustrates the hypothetical expenses that you would incur over the time periods indicated, and assumes that:
■	you invest $10,000 in the applicable class of Fund shares for the periods indicated,
■	your investment has a 5% return each year, and
■	the Fund’s total annual operating expenses remain the same as shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above.
Since the waivers and/or reimbursements shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above expire as indicated in the preceding table, they are only reflected in the 1 year example and the first year of the other examples. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on the assumptions listed above, your costs would be:
    
 	1 year	3 years	5 years	10 years
Class A (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$699	$974	$1,271	$2,110
Class Adv (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$106	$346	$ 605	$1,345
Class C (assuming redemption of all shares at the end of the period)	$307	$654	$1,128	$2,436
Class C (assuming no redemption of shares)	$207	$654	$1,128	$2,436
Class Inst (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$106	$346	$ 605	$1,345
Class Inst2 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 95	$311	$ 546	$1,218
Class Inst3 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 90	$296	$ 519	$1,160
Class R (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$157	$501	$ 869	$1,905
Class T (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$378	$663	$ 970	$1,838
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund may pay transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 47% of the average value of its portfolio.
Principal Investment Strategies
Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 80% of total assets (including the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) in equity securities of foreign companies that have market capitalizations of more than $1 billion at the time of purchase. The Fund typically invests in foreign companies in at least three countries, other than the United States, at any one time and may invest in emerging markets. The Fund may invest directly in foreign securities or indirectly through closed-end investment companies and depositary receipts. The Fund may from time to time emphasize one or more sectors in selecting its investments, including the financial services sector.
The Fund may invest in derivatives, such as forward contracts (including forward foreign currency contracts), futures (including equity futures and index futures) and options (including options on stocks and indices), for both hedging and non-hedging purposes including, for example, for investment purposes to seek to enhance returns or, in certain circumstances, when holding a derivative is deemed preferable to holding the underlying asset. In particular, the Fund may invest in forward currency contracts to hedge the currency exposure associated with some or all of the Fund’s securities, to shift investment exposure from one currency to another, to shift U.S. dollar exposure to achieve a representative weighted mix of major currencies in its benchmark, or to adjust an underweight country exposure in its portfolio. The Fund may also invest in equity index futures to manage exposure to the securities market and to maintain equity market exposure while managing cash flows.
4	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA OVERSEAS VALUE FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
The Fund has the following limits on its investments, which are applied at the time an investment is made. The Fund:
■	normally invests no more than 5% of its total assets in a single security;
■	typically invests up to the greater of (i) 20% of its total assets in a single country or industry or (ii) 150% of the weighting of a single country or industry in the MSCI Europe, Australasia, Far East (MSCI EAFE) Value Index (limited to less than 25% of its total assets in a single industry, other than U.S. Government obligations); and
■	generally may not invest more than 20% of its total assets in emerging markets.
Principal Risks
An investment in the Fund involves risks, including those described below. There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective and you may lose money. The value of the Fund’s holdings may decline, and the Fund’s net asset value (NAV) and share price may go down. An investment in the Fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
Active Management Risk. Due to its active management, the Fund could underperform its benchmark index and/or other funds with similar investment objectives and/or strategies.
Closed-End Investment Company Risk. Closed-end investment companies frequently trade at a discount to their NAV, which may affect whether the Fund will realize gain or loss upon its sale of the closed-end investment company’s shares. Closed-end investment companies may employ leverage, which also subjects the closed-end investment company to increased risks such as increased volatility.
Counterparty Risk. Counterparty risk is the risk that a counterparty to a transaction in a financial instrument held by the Fund or by a special purpose or structured vehicle invested in by the Fund may become insolvent or otherwise fail to perform its obligations. As a result, the Fund may obtain no or limited recovery of its investment, and any recovery may be significantly delayed.
Depositary Receipts Risk. Depositary receipts are receipts issued by a bank or trust company reflecting ownership of underlying securities issued by foreign companies. Some foreign securities are traded in the form of American Depositary Receipts and/or Global Depositary Receipts. Depositary receipts involve risks similar to the risks associated with investments in foreign securities, including those associated with investing in the particular country of an issuer, which may be related to the particular political, regulatory, economic, social and other conditions or events, including, for example, military confrontations, war and terrorism, occurring in the country and fluctuations in such country’s currency, as well as market risk tied to the underlying foreign company. In addition, holders of depositary receipts may have limited voting rights, may not have the same rights afforded to stockholders of a typical domestic company in the event of a corporate action, such as an acquisition, merger or rights offering, and may experience difficulty in receiving company stockholder communications. There is no guarantee that a financial institution will continue to sponsor a depositary receipt, or that a depositary receipt will continue to trade on an exchange, either of which could adversely affect the liquidity, availability and pricing of the depositary receipt. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates will affect the value of depositary receipts and, therefore, may affect the value of your investment in the Fund.
Derivatives Risk. Derivatives may involve significant risks. Derivatives are financial instruments with a value in relation to, or derived from, the value of an underlying asset(s) or other reference, such as an index, rate or other economic indicator (each an underlying reference). Derivatives may include those that are privately placed or otherwise exempt from SEC registration, including certain Rule 144A eligible securities. Derivatives could result in Fund losses if the underlying reference does not perform as anticipated. Use of derivatives is a highly specialized activity that can involve investment techniques, risks, and tax planning different from those associated with more traditional investment instruments. The Fund’s derivatives strategy may not be successful and use of certain derivatives could result in substantial, potentially unlimited, losses to the Fund regardless of the Fund’s actual investment. A relatively small movement in the price, rate or other economic indicator associated with the underlying reference may result in substantial loss for the Fund. Derivatives may be more volatile than other types of investments. The value of derivatives may be influenced by a variety of factors, including national and international political and economic developments. Potential changes to the regulation of the derivatives markets may make
PROSPECTUS 2018	5
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA OVERSEAS VALUE FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
derivatives more costly, may limit the market for derivatives, or may otherwise adversely affect the value or performance of derivatives. Derivatives can increase the Fund’s risk exposure to underlying references and their attendant risks, such as credit risk, market risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, while exposing the Fund to correlation risk, counterparty risk, hedging risk, leverage risk, liquidity risk, pricing risk and volatility risk.
Derivatives Risk – Forward Contracts Risk. A forward contract is an over-the-counter derivative transaction between two parties to buy or sell a specified amount of an underlying reference at a specified price (or rate) on a specified date in the future. Forward contracts are negotiated on an individual basis and are not standardized or traded on exchanges. The market for forward contracts is substantially unregulated and can experience lengthy periods of illiquidity, unusually high trading volume and other negative impacts, such as political intervention, which may result in volatility or disruptions in such markets. A relatively small price movement in a forward contract may result in substantial losses to the Fund, exceeding the amount of the margin paid. Forward contracts can increase the Fund’s risk exposure to underlying references and their attendant risks, such as credit risk, market risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, while also exposing the Fund to correlation risk, counterparty risk, hedging risk, leverage risk, liquidity risk, pricing risk and volatility risk.
Derivatives Risk – Futures Contracts Risk. A futures contract is an exchange-traded derivative transaction between two parties in which a buyer (holding the “long” position) agrees to pay a fixed price (or rate) at a specified future date for delivery of an underlying reference from a seller (holding the “short” position). The seller hopes that the market price on the delivery date is less than the agreed upon price, while the buyer hopes for the contrary. Certain futures contract markets are highly volatile, and futures contracts may be illiquid. Futures exchanges may limit fluctuations in futures contract prices by imposing a maximum permissible daily price movement. The Fund may be disadvantaged if it is prohibited from executing a trade outside the daily permissible price movement. At or prior to maturity of a futures contract, the Fund may enter into an offsetting contract and may incur a loss to the extent there has been adverse movement in futures contract prices. The liquidity of the futures markets depends on participants entering into offsetting transactions rather than making or taking delivery. To the extent participants make or take delivery, liquidity in the futures market could be reduced. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in futures trading, it is possible that the Fund may employ a high degree of leverage in the portfolio. As a result, a relatively small price movement in a futures contract may result in substantial losses to the Fund, exceeding the amount of the margin paid. For certain types of futures contracts, losses are potentially unlimited. Futures markets are highly volatile and the use of futures may increase the volatility of the Fund’s NAV. Futures contracts executed (if any) on foreign exchanges may not provide the same protection as U.S. exchanges. Futures contracts can increase the Fund’s risk exposure to underlying references and their attendant risks, such as credit risk, market risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, while also exposing the Fund to correlation risk, counterparty risk, hedging risk, leverage risk, liquidity risk, pricing risk and volatility risk.
Derivatives Risk – Options Risk. Options are derivatives that give the purchaser the option to buy (call) or sell (put) an underlying reference from or to a counterparty at a specified price (the strike price) on or before an expiration date. By investing in options, the Fund is exposed to the risk that it may be required to buy or sell the underlying reference at a disadvantageous price on or before the expiration date. Options may involve economic leverage, which could result in greater volatility in price movement. The Fund's losses could be significant, and are potentially unlimited for certain types of options. Options may be traded on a securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market. At or prior to maturity of an options contract, the Fund may enter into an offsetting contract and may incur a loss to the extent there has been adverse movement in options prices. Options can increase the Fund’s risk exposure to underlying references and their attendant risks such as credit risk, market risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, while also exposing the Fund to correlation risk, counterparty risk, hedging risk, leverage risk, liquidity risk, pricing risk and volatility risk.
Emerging Market Securities Risk. Securities issued by foreign governments or companies in emerging market countries, such as China, Russia and certain countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Latin America or Africa, are more likely to have greater exposure to the risks of investing in foreign securities that are described in Foreign Securities Risk. In addition, emerging market countries are more likely to experience instability resulting, for example, from rapid changes or developments in social, political, economic or other conditions. Their economies are usually less mature and their securities markets are typically less developed with more limited trading activity
6	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA OVERSEAS VALUE FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
(i.e., lower trading volumes and less liquidity) than more developed countries. Emerging market securities tend to be more volatile than securities in more developed markets. Many emerging market countries are heavily dependent on international trade and have fewer trading partners, which makes them more sensitive to world commodity prices and economic downturns in other countries, and some have a higher risk of currency devaluations.
Foreign Securities Risk. Investments in or exposure to foreign securities involve certain risks not associated with investments in or exposure to securities of U.S. companies. Foreign securities subject the Fund to the risks associated with investing in the particular country of an issuer, including political, regulatory, economic, social, diplomatic and other conditions or events (including, for example, military confrontations, war and terrorism), occurring in the country or region, as well as risks associated with less developed custody and settlement practices. Foreign securities may be more volatile and less liquid than securities of U.S. companies, and are subject to the risks associated with potential imposition of economic and other sanctions against a particular foreign country, its nationals or industries or businesses within the country. In addition, foreign governments may impose withholding or other taxes on the Fund’s income, capital gains or proceeds from the disposition of foreign securities, which could reduce the Fund’s return on such securities. The performance of the Fund may also be negatively affected by fluctuations in a foreign currency's strength or weakness relative to the U.S. dollar, particularly to the extent the Fund invests a significant percentage of its assets in foreign securities or other assets denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
Geographic Focus Risk. The Fund may be particularly susceptible to economic, political, regulatory or other events or conditions affecting issuers and countries within the specific geographic regions in which the Fund invests. The Fund’s NAV may be more volatile than the NAV of a more geographically diversified fund.
Asia Pacific Region. Many of the countries in the Asia Pacific region are considered underdeveloped or developing, including from a political, economic and/or social perspective, and may have relatively unstable governments and economies based on limited business, industries and/or natural resources or commodities. Events in any one country within the region may impact other countries in the region or the region as a whole. As a result, events in the region will generally have a greater effect on the Fund than if the Fund were more geographically diversified. This could result in increased volatility in the value of the Fund’s investments and losses for the Fund. Also, securities of some companies in the region can be less liquid than U.S. or other foreign securities, potentially making it difficult for the Fund to sell such securities at a desirable time and price.
Europe. The Fund is particularly susceptible to economic, political, regulatory or other events or conditions affecting issuers and countries in Europe. In addition, the private and public sectors’ debt problems of a single European Union (EU) country can pose significant economic risks to the EU as a whole. As a result, the Fund’s NAV may be more volatile than the NAV of a more geographically diversified fund. If securities of issuers in Europe fall out of favor, it may cause the Fund to underperform other funds that do not focus their investments in this region of the world. The impact of any partial or complete dissolution of the EU on European economies could be significant, resulting in negative impacts on currency and financial markets generally, such as increased volatility and illiquidity, and potentially lower economic growth in markets in Europe, which may adversely affect the value of your investment in the Fund.
Investing in Other Funds Risk. The Fund’s investment in other funds (affiliated and/or unaffiliated funds) subjects the Fund to the investment performance (positive or negative) and risks of the underlying funds in direct proportion to the Fund’s investment therein. The performance of the underlying funds could be adversely affected if other investors in the same underlying funds make relatively large investments or redemptions in such underlying funds. The Fund, and its shareholders, indirectly bear a portion of the expenses of any funds in which the Fund invests. Because the expenses and costs of an underlying fund are shared by its investors, redemptions by other investors in the underlying funds could result in decreased economies of scale and increased operating expenses for such underlying funds. The Investment Manager may have conflicts of interest in selecting affiliated underlying funds for investment by the Fund because the fees paid to it by some underlying funds are higher than the fees paid by other underlying funds, and may also face conflicts of interest in selecting affiliated funds over unaffiliated funds. Also, to the extent that the Fund is constrained/restricted from investing (or investing further) in a particular underlying fund for one or more reasons (e.g., underlying fund capacity constraints or regulatory restrictions) or if the Fund chooses to sell its investment in an underlying fund because of poor investment performance or for other reasons, the Fund may have
PROSPECTUS 2018	7
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA OVERSEAS VALUE FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
to invest in other underlying funds, including less desirable funds – from a strategy or investment performance standpoint – which could have a negative impact on Fund performance. In addition, Fund performance could be negatively impacted if an appropriate alternate underlying fund does not present itself in a timely manner or at all. The underlying funds may not achieve their investment objective. The Fund, through its investment in underlying funds, may not achieve its investment objective.
Issuer Risk. An issuer in which the Fund invests or to which it has exposure may perform poorly, and the value of its securities may therefore decline, which would negatively affect the Fund’s performance. Poor performance may be caused by poor management decisions, competitive pressures, breakthroughs in technology, reliance on suppliers, labor problems or shortages, corporate restructurings, fraudulent disclosures, natural disasters or other events, conditions or factors. The market capitalization of an issuer may also impact its risk profile. Investments in larger, more established companies may involve certain risks associated with their larger size. For instance, larger, more established companies may be less able to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in consumer tastes or innovation from smaller competitors. Also, larger companies are sometimes less able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion.
Liquidity Risk. Liquidity risk is the risk associated with any event, circumstance, or characteristic of an investment or market that negatively impacts the Fund’s ability to sell, or realize the proceeds from the sale of, an investment at a desirable time or price. Liquidity risk may arise because of, for example, a lack of marketability of the investment, which means that when seeking to sell its portfolio investments, the Fund could find that selling is more difficult than anticipated, especially during times of high market volatility. Market participants attempting to sell the same or a similar instrument at the same time as the Fund could exacerbate the Fund’s exposure to liquidity risk. The Fund may have to accept a lower selling price for the holding, sell other liquid or more liquid investments that it might otherwise prefer to hold (thereby increasing the proportion of the Fund’s investments in less liquid or illiquid securities), or forego another more appealing investment opportunity. Certain investments that were liquid when purchased by the Fund may later become illiquid, particularly in times of overall economic distress. Changing regulatory, market or other conditions or environments (for example, the interest rate or credit environments) may also adversely affect the liquidity and the price of the Fund's investments. Judgment plays a larger role in valuing illiquid or less liquid investments as compared to valuing liquid or more liquid investments. Price volatility may be higher for illiquid or less liquid investments as a result of, for example, the relatively less frequent pricing of such securities (as compared to liquid or more liquid investments). Generally, the less liquid the market at the time the Fund sells a portfolio investment, the greater the risk of loss or decline of value to the Fund. Overall market liquidity and other factors can lead to an increase in redemptions, which may negatively impact Fund performance and NAV, including, for example, if the Fund is forced to sell investments in a down market. Foreign securities can present enhanced liquidity risks, including as a result of less developed custody, settlement or other practices of foreign markets.
Market Risk. Market risk refers to the possibility that the market values of securities or other investments that the Fund holds will fall, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, or fail to rise. An investment in the Fund could lose money over short or long periods.
Sector Risk. At times, the Fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a related group of industries within a sector, including the financial services sector. Companies in the same sector may be similarly affected by economic, regulatory, political or market events or conditions, which may make the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that sector than funds that invest more broadly. Generally, the more broadly the Fund invests, the more it spreads risk and potentially reduces the risks of loss and volatility.
Financial Services Sector. The Fund may be more susceptible to the particular risks that may affect companies in the financial services sector than if it were invested in a wider variety of companies in unrelated sectors. Companies in the financial services sector are subject to certain risks, including the risk of regulatory change, decreased liquidity in credit markets and unstable interest rates. Such companies may have concentrated portfolios, such as a high level of loans to real estate developers, which makes them vulnerable to economic conditions that affect that industry. Performance of such companies may be affected by competitive pressures and exposure to investments or agreements that, under certain circumstances, may lead to losses (e.g., subprime loans). Companies in the financial
8	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA OVERSEAS VALUE FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
services sector are subject to extensive governmental regulation that may limit the amount and types of loans and other financial commitments they can make, and interest rates and fees that they may charge. In addition, profitability of such companies is largely dependent upon the availability and the cost of capital.
Small- and Mid-Cap Company Securities Risk. Investments in small- and mid-capitalization companies (small- and mid-cap companies) often involve greater risks than investments in larger, more established companies (larger companies) because small- and mid-cap companies tend to have less predictable earnings and may lack the management experience, financial resources, product diversification and competitive strengths of larger companies. Securities of small- and mid-cap companies may be less liquid and more volatile than the securities of larger companies.
Value Securities Risk. Value securities are securities of companies that may have experienced, for example, adverse business, industry or other developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the securities to be out of favor and, in turn, potentially undervalued. The market value of a portfolio security may not meet portfolio management’s perceived value assessment of that security, or may decline in price, even though portfolio management believes the securities are already undervalued. There is also a risk that it may take longer than expected for the value of these investments to rise to portfolio management’s perceived value. In addition, value securities, at times, may not perform as well as growth securities or the stock market in general, and may be out of favor with investors for varying periods of time.
Performance Information
The following bar chart and table show you how the Fund has performed in the past, and can help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The bar chart shows how the Fund’s Class Inst share performance has varied for each full calendar year shown. The table below the bar chart compares the Fund’s returns (after applicable sales charges shown in the Shareholder Fees table in this prospectus) for the periods shown with a broad measure of market performance.
The performance of one or more share classes shown in the table below begins before the indicated inception date for such share class. The returns shown for each such share class include the returns of the Fund’s Class Inst shares (adjusted to reflect the higher class-related operating expenses of such classes, where applicable) for periods prior to its inception date. Except for differences in annual returns resulting from differences in expenses and sales charges (where applicable), the share classes of the Fund would have substantially similar annual returns because all share classes of the Fund invest in the same portfolio of securities.
The after-tax returns shown in the Average Annual Total Returns table below are calculated using the highest historical individual U.S. federal marginal income tax rates in effect during the period indicated in the table and do not reflect the impact of state, local or foreign taxes. Your actual after-tax returns will depend on your personal tax situation and may differ from those shown in the table. In addition, the after-tax returns shown in the table do not apply to shares held in tax-advantaged accounts such as 401(k) plans or Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs). The after-tax returns are shown only for Class Inst shares and will vary for other share classes.
The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is no guarantee of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated performance information can be obtained by calling toll-free 800.345.6611 or visiting columbiathreadneedleus.com.
    
PROSPECTUS 2018	9
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA OVERSEAS VALUE FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
Year by Year Total Return (%)
as of December 31 Each Year*	Best and Worst Quarterly Returns
During the Period Shown in the Bar Chart

Best	2nd Quarter 2009	32.29%
Worst
3rd Quarter 2011	-18.87%
*	Year to Date return as of March 31, 2018: -0.97%
Average Annual Total Returns After Applicable Sales Charges (for periods ended December 31, 2017)
 	Share Class
Inception Date	1 Year	5 Years	Life of Fund
Class Inst	03/31/2008	 	 	 
returns before taxes	 	30.06%	9.45%	3.39%
returns after taxes on distributions	 	29.24%	9.00%	2.99%
returns after taxes on distributions and sale of Fund shares	 	18.07%	7.60%	2.77%
Class A returns before taxes	02/28/2013	22.25%	7.91%	2.36%
Class Adv returns before taxes	07/01/2015	30.05%	9.46%	3.40%
Class C returns before taxes	02/28/2013	27.79%	8.37%	2.20%
Class Inst2 returns before taxes	07/01/2015	30.22%	9.54%	3.43%
Class Inst3 returns before taxes	07/01/2015	30.24%	9.59%	3.46%
Class R returns before taxes	03/01/2016	29.34%	8.93%	2.90%
Class T returns before taxes	03/31/2011	26.35%	8.63%	2.91%
MSCI EAFE Value Index (Net) (reflects reinvested dividends net of withholding taxes but reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or other taxes)	 	21.44%	6.95%	2.23%
  
Fund Management
Investment Manager: Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC
    
Portfolio Manager	 	Title	 	Role with Fund	 	Managed Fund Since
Fred Copper, CFA	 	Senior Portfolio Manager	 	Co-Portfolio Manager	 	2008
Daisuke Nomoto, CMA (SAAJ)	 	Senior Portfolio Manager	 	Co-Portfolio Manager	 	2013
10	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA OVERSEAS VALUE FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
You may purchase or redeem shares of the Fund on any business day by contacting the Fund in the ways described below:
NOTE: The Fund’s mailing addresses are changing as follows*:
    
Online	 	Regular Mail	 	Express Mail	 	By Telephone
 	 	Through October 31, 2018	 	Through October 31, 2018	 	 
columbiathreadneedleus.com/investor/	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
P.O. Box 8081
Boston, MA 02266-8081	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
c/o DST Asset Manager
Solutions, Inc.
30 Dan Road, Suite 8081
Canton, MA 02021-2809	 	800.422.3737
 	 	Regular Mail	 	Express Mail	 	 
 	 	Effective November 1, 2018	 	Effective November 1, 2018	 	 
 	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
P.O. Box 219104
Kansas City, MO 64121-9104	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
c/o DST Asset Manager
Solutions, Inc.
430 W 7th Street, Suite 219104
Kansas City, MO 64105-1407	 	 
*	Based on the dates noted above, mail received at an incorrect address will be forwarded to the correct address, and will not be processed until received, in “good form,” at the correct address. This may affect the trade date you receive for transaction requests, which may negatively impact the value of your purchase or sale.
You may purchase shares and receive redemption proceeds by electronic funds transfer, by check or by wire. If you maintain your account with a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary, you must contact that financial intermediary to buy, sell or exchange shares of the Fund through your account with the intermediary.
The minimum initial investment amounts for the share classes offered by the Fund are shown below:
Minimum Initial Investment
    
Class	Category of eligible account	For accounts other than
systematic investment
plan accounts	For systematic investment
plan accounts
Classes A, C & T(a)	All accounts other than IRAs	$2,000	$100
IRAs	$1,000	$100
Classes Adv & Inst	All eligible accounts	$0, $1,000 or $2,000
depending upon the category
of eligible investor	$100
Classes Inst2 & R	All eligible accounts	None	N/A
Class Inst3	All eligible accounts	$0, $1,000, $2,000
or $1 million depending
upon the category
of eligible investor	$100 (for certain
eligible investors)
  
(a)	Class T shares must be purchased through financial intermediaries that, by written agreement with Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., are specifically authorized to sell Class T shares.
More information about these minimums can be found in the Buying, Selling and Exchanging Shares - Buying Shares section of the prospectus. There is no minimum additional investment for any share class.
Tax Information
The Fund normally distributes net investment income and net realized capital gains, if any, to shareholders. These distributions are generally taxable to you as ordinary income, qualified dividend income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-advantaged account, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA. If you are investing through a tax-advantaged account, you may be taxed upon withdrawals from that account.
PROSPECTUS 2018	11
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA OVERSEAS VALUE FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries
If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies — including Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC (the Investment Manager), Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor) and Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. (the Transfer Agent) — may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your financial advisor to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your financial advisor or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.