Columbia Flexible Capital Income Fund
<head_breaker>

SUMMARY OF THE FUND
Investment Objective
Columbia Flexible Capital Income Fund (the Fund) seeks to provide shareholders current income, with long-term capital appreciation.
Fees and Expenses of the Fund
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. The front-end sales charge applicable to Class T shares is a per-transaction charge, meaning that separate orders will not be aggregated for purposes of calculating the rate of the sales charge payable. An investor transacting in a class of Fund shares without any front-end sales charge, contingent deferred sales charge, or other asset-based fee for sales or distribution may be required to pay a commission to the financial intermediary for effecting such transactions. Such commission rates are set by the financial intermediary and are not reflected in the tables or the example below. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and members of your immediate family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in certain classes of shares of eligible funds distributed by Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor). More information is available about these and other sales charge discounts and waivers from your financial intermediary, and can be found in the Choosing a Share Class section beginning on page 25 of the Fund’s prospectus, in Appendix A to the prospectus beginning on page A-1 and in Appendix S to the Statement of Additional Information (SAI) under Sales Charge Waivers beginning on page S-1.
    
Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment)
 	Class A	Class C	Class T	Classes Adv
Inst, Inst2, Inst3,
and R
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on purchases (as a % of offering price)	5.75%	None	2.50%	None
Maximum deferred sales charge (load) imposed on redemptions (as a % of the lower of the original purchase price or current net asset value)	1.00% (a)	1.00% (b)	None	None
    
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Class A	Class Adv	Class C	Class Inst	Class Inst2	Class Inst3	Class R	Class T
Management fees	0.65%	0.65%	0.65%	0.65%	0.65%	0.65%	0.65%	0.65%
Distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees	0.25%	0.00%	1.00%	0.00%	0.00%	0.00%	0.50%	0.25%
Other expenses(c)	0.14%	0.14%	0.14%	0.14%	0.12%	0.07%	0.14%	0.14%
Acquired fund fees and expenses	0.13%	0.13%	0.13%	0.13%	0.13%	0.13%	0.13%	0.13%
Total annual Fund operating expenses(d)	1.17%	0.92%	1.92%	0.92%	0.90%	0.85%	1.42%	1.17%
Less: Fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements(e)	0.00%	0.00%	0.00%	0.00%	(0.01%)	(0.01%)	0.00%	0.00%
Total annual Fund operating expenses after fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements	1.17%	0.92%	1.92%	0.92%	0.89%	0.84%	1.42%	1.17%
(a)	This charge is imposed on certain investments of between $1 million and $50 million redeemed within 18 months after purchase, as follows: 1.00% if redeemed within 12 months after purchase, and 0.50% if redeemed more than 12, but less than 18, months after purchase, with certain limited exceptions.
(b)	This charge applies to redemptions within 12 months after purchase, with certain limited exceptions.
(c)	Other expenses have been restated to reflect current transfer agency fees paid by the Fund.
(d)	“Total annual Fund operating expenses” include acquired fund fees and expenses (expenses the Fund incurs indirectly through its investments in other investment companies) and may be higher than “Total Net Expenses” shown in the Financial Highlights section of this prospectus because “Total Net Expenses” do not include acquired fund fees and expenses.
(e)	The Fund’s transfer agent has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or to reimburse expenses through September 30, 2019, unless sooner terminated by the Fund’s Board of Trustees (the Board), so that the fees payable under the Fund’s transfer agency agreement do not exceed the annual rates of 0.05% for Class Inst2 and 0.00% for Class Inst3.
PROSPECTUS 2018	3
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA FLEXIBLE CAPITAL INCOME FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
Example
The following example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example illustrates the hypothetical expenses that you would incur over the time periods indicated, and assumes that:
■	you invest $10,000 in the applicable class of Fund shares for the periods indicated,
■	your investment has a 5% return each year, and
■	the Fund’s total annual operating expenses remain the same as shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above.
Since the waivers and/or reimbursements shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above expire as indicated in the preceding table, they are only reflected in the 1 year example and the first year of the other examples. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on the assumptions listed above, your costs would be:
    
 	1 year	3 years	5 years	10 years
Class A (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$687	$925	$1,182	$1,914
Class Adv (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 94	$293	$ 509	$1,131
Class C (assuming redemption of all shares at the end of the period)	$295	$603	$1,037	$2,243
Class C (assuming no redemption of shares)	$195	$603	$1,037	$2,243
Class Inst (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 94	$293	$ 509	$1,131
Class Inst2 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 91	$286	$ 497	$1,107
Class Inst3 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 86	$270	$ 470	$1,048
Class R (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$145	$449	$ 776	$1,702
Class T (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$366	$612	$ 878	$1,635
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund may pay transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 50% of the average value of its portfolio.
Principal Investment Strategies
In pursuing its investment objective, the Fund invests broadly in debt, equity and/or “hybrid” (convertible) securities. The Fund allocates its investments from one asset class to another based on analysis by the portfolio managers of the opportunities for the Fund to achieve its objective in a given market. The Fund’s investments in debt securities may include investment grade and non-investment grade bonds, bank loans and U.S. Government securities. The Fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in debt instruments that, at the time of purchase, are rated below investment grade or are unrated but determined to be of comparable quality (commonly referred to as “high-yield” investments or “junk” bonds).
The Fund may invest in privately placed and other securities or instruments that are purchased and sold pursuant to Rule 144A or other exemptions under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, subject to liquidity determinations and certain regulatory restrictions.
The Fund seeks to invest in undervalued or out-of-favor securities it believes offer opportunities for current income, with long-term capital appreciation.
The Fund may invest in debt instruments of any maturity and does not seek to maintain a particular dollar-weighted average maturity.
4	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA FLEXIBLE CAPITAL INCOME FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
The Fund’s equity securities will consist primarily of large capitalization, dividend-paying common stocks or preferred securities, but the Fund may invest in issuers of any size. The Fund may also invest in hybrid securities, including convertible bonds and convertible preferred securities.
The Fund may invest up to 25% of its net assets in foreign investments, including emerging markets.
Principal Risks
An investment in the Fund involves risks, including those described below. There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective and you may lose money. The value of the Fund’s holdings may decline, and the Fund’s net asset value (NAV) and share price may go down. An investment in the Fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
Active Management Risk. Due to its active management, the Fund could underperform its benchmark index and/or other funds with similar investment objectives and/or strategies.
Allocation Risk. Because the Fund uses an asset allocation strategy in pursuit of its investment objective, there is a risk that the Fund's allocation among asset classes and/or investments will cause the Fund's shares to lose value or cause the Fund to underperform other funds with similar investment objectives and/or strategies, or that the investments themselves will not produce the returns expected.
Changing Distribution Level Risk. The Fund will normally receive income which may include interest, dividends and/or capital gains, depending upon its investments. The amount of the distributions the Fund pays will vary and generally depends on the amount of income the Fund earns (less expenses) on its portfolio holdings, and capital gains or losses it recognizes. A decline in the Fund’s income or net capital gains from its investments may reduce its distribution level.
Convertible Securities Risk. Convertible securities are subject to the usual risks associated with debt instruments, such as interest rate risk and credit risk. Convertible securities also react to changes in the value of the common stock into which they convert, and are thus subject to market risk. The Fund may also be forced to convert a convertible security at an inopportune time, which may decrease the Fund’s return.
Credit Risk. Credit risk is the risk that the value of loans or other debt instruments may decline if the issuer thereof defaults or otherwise becomes unable or unwilling, or is perceived to be unable or unwilling, to honor its financial obligations, such as making payments to the Fund when due. Rating agencies assign credit ratings to certain debt instruments to indicate their credit risk. Unless otherwise provided in the Fund’s Principal Investment Strategies, investment grade debt instruments are those rated at or above BBB- by S&P Global Ratings, or equivalently rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch, Inc., or, if unrated, determined by the management team to be of comparable quality. Conversely, below investment grade (commonly called “high-yield” or “junk”) debt instruments are those rated below BBB- by S&P Global Ratings, or equivalently rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch, Inc., or, if unrated, determined by the management team to be of comparable quality. A rating downgrade by such agencies can negatively impact the value of such instruments. Lower quality or unrated instruments held by the Fund may present increased credit risk as compared to higher-rated instruments. Non-investment grade debt instruments may be subject to greater price fluctuations and are more likely to experience a default than investment grade debt instruments and therefore may expose the Fund to increased credit risk. If the Fund purchases unrated instruments, or if the ratings of instruments held by the Fund are lowered after purchase, the Fund will depend on analysis of credit risk more heavily than usual.
Emerging Market Securities Risk. Securities issued by foreign governments or companies in emerging market countries, such as China, Russia and certain countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Latin America or Africa, are more likely to have greater exposure to the risks of investing in foreign securities that are described in Foreign Securities Risk. In addition, emerging market countries are more likely to experience instability resulting, for example, from rapid changes or developments in social, political, economic or other conditions. Their economies are usually less mature and their securities markets are typically less developed with more limited trading activity (i.e., lower trading volumes and less liquidity) than more developed countries. Emerging market securities tend to be
PROSPECTUS 2018	5
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA FLEXIBLE CAPITAL INCOME FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
more volatile than securities in more developed markets. Many emerging market countries are heavily dependent on international trade and have fewer trading partners, which makes them more sensitive to world commodity prices and economic downturns in other countries, and some have a higher risk of currency devaluations.
Foreign Securities Risk. Investments in or exposure to foreign securities involve certain risks not associated with investments in or exposure to securities of U.S. companies. Foreign securities subject the Fund to the risks associated with investing in the particular country of an issuer, including political, regulatory, economic, social, diplomatic and other conditions or events (including, for example, military confrontations, war and terrorism), occurring in the country or region, as well as risks associated with less developed custody and settlement practices. Foreign securities may be more volatile and less liquid than securities of U.S. companies, and are subject to the risks associated with potential imposition of economic and other sanctions against a particular foreign country, its nationals or industries or businesses within the country. In addition, foreign governments may impose withholding or other taxes on the Fund’s income, capital gains or proceeds from the disposition of foreign securities, which could reduce the Fund’s return on such securities. The performance of the Fund may also be negatively affected by fluctuations in a foreign currency's strength or weakness relative to the U.S. dollar, particularly to the extent the Fund invests a significant percentage of its assets in foreign securities or other assets denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
High-Yield Investments Risk. Securities and other debt instruments held by the Fund that are rated below investment grade (commonly called “high-yield” or “junk” bonds) and unrated debt instruments of comparable quality expose the Fund to a greater risk of loss of principal and income than a fund that invests solely or primarily in investment grade debt instruments. In addition, these investments have greater price fluctuations, are less liquid and are more likely to experience a default than higher-rated debt instruments. High-yield debt instruments are considered to be predominantly speculative with respect to the issuer’s capacity to pay interest and repay principal.
Interest Rate Risk. Interest rate risk is the risk of losses attributable to changes in interest rates. In general, if prevailing interest rates rise, the values of loans and other debt instruments tend to fall, and if interest rates fall, the values of loans and other debt instruments tend to rise. Changes in the value of a debt instrument usually will not affect the amount of income the Fund receives from it but will generally affect the value of your investment in the Fund. Changes in interest rates may also affect the liquidity of the Fund’s investments in debt instruments. In general, the longer the maturity or duration of a debt instrument, the greater its sensitivity to changes in interest rates. Interest rate declines also may increase prepayments of debt obligations, which, in turn, would increase prepayment risk. Similarly, a period of rising interest rates may negatively impact the Fund’s performance. Actions by governments and central banking authorities can result in increases in interest rates. Such actions may negatively affect the value of debt instruments held by the Fund, resulting in a negative impact on the Fund's performance and NAV. Any interest rate increases could cause the value of the Fund’s investments in debt instruments to decrease. Rising interest rates may prompt redemptions from the Fund, which may force the Fund to sell investments at a time when it is not advantageous to do so, which could result in losses.
Issuer Risk. An issuer in which the Fund invests or to which it has exposure may perform poorly, and the value of its securities may therefore decline, which would negatively affect the Fund’s performance. Poor performance may be caused by poor management decisions, competitive pressures, breakthroughs in technology, reliance on suppliers, labor problems or shortages, corporate restructurings, fraudulent disclosures, natural disasters or other events, conditions or factors. The market capitalization of an issuer may also impact its risk profile. Investments in larger, more established companies may involve certain risks associated with their larger size. For instance, larger, more established companies may be less able to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in consumer tastes or innovation from smaller competitors. Also, larger companies are sometimes less able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion.
Liquidity Risk. Liquidity risk is the risk associated with any event, circumstance, or characteristic of an investment or market that negatively impacts the Fund’s ability to sell, or realize the proceeds from the sale of, an investment at a desirable time or price. Liquidity risk may arise because of, for example, a lack of marketability of the investment, which means that when seeking to sell its portfolio investments, the Fund could find that selling is more difficult than anticipated, especially during times of high market volatility. Decreases in the number of financial institutions, including banks and broker-dealers, willing to make markets (match up sellers and buyers) in the Fund’s investments
6	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA FLEXIBLE CAPITAL INCOME FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
or decreases in their capacity or willingness to trade such investments may increase the Fund’s exposure to this risk. The debt market has experienced considerable growth, and financial institutions making markets in instruments purchased and sold by the Fund (e.g., bond dealers) have been subject to increased regulation. The impact of that growth and regulation on the ability and willingness of financial institutions to engage in trading or “making a market” in such instruments remains unsettled. Certain types of investments, such as lower-rated securities or those that are purchased and sold in over-the-counter markets, may be especially subject to liquidity risk. Securities or other assets in which the Fund invests may be traded in the over-the-counter market rather than on an exchange and therefore may be more difficult to purchase or sell at a fair price, which may have a negative impact on the Fund’s performance. Market participants attempting to sell the same or a similar instrument at the same time as the Fund could exacerbate the Fund’s exposure to liquidity risk. The Fund may have to accept a lower selling price for the holding, sell other liquid or more liquid investments that it might otherwise prefer to hold (thereby increasing the proportion of the Fund’s investments in less liquid or illiquid securities), or forego another more appealing investment opportunity. Certain investments that were liquid when purchased by the Fund may later become illiquid, particularly in times of overall economic distress. Changing regulatory, market or other conditions or environments (for example, the interest rate or credit environments) may also adversely affect the liquidity and the price of the Fund's investments. Judgment plays a larger role in valuing illiquid or less liquid investments as compared to valuing liquid or more liquid investments. Price volatility may be higher for illiquid or less liquid investments as a result of, for example, the relatively less frequent pricing of such securities (as compared to liquid or more liquid investments). Generally, the less liquid the market at the time the Fund sells a portfolio investment, the greater the risk of loss or decline of value to the Fund. Overall market liquidity and other factors can lead to an increase in redemptions, which may negatively impact Fund performance and NAV, including, for example, if the Fund is forced to sell investments in a down market.
Market Risk. Market risk refers to the possibility that the market values of securities or other investments that the Fund holds will fall, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, or fail to rise. An investment in the Fund could lose money over short or long periods.
Preferred Stock Risk. Preferred stock is a type of stock that generally pays dividends at a specified rate and that has preference over common stock in the payment of dividends and the liquidation of assets. Preferred stock does not ordinarily carry voting rights. The price of a preferred stock is generally determined by earnings, type of products or services, projected growth rates, experience of management, liquidity, and general market conditions of the markets on which the stock trades. The most significant risks associated with investments in preferred stock include issuer risk, market risk and interest rate risk (i.e., the risk of losses attributable to changes in interest rates).
Prepayment and Extension Risk. Prepayment and extension risk is the risk that a bond or other security or investment might, in the case of prepayment risk, be called or otherwise converted, prepaid or redeemed before maturity and, in the case of extension risk, that the investment might not be called as expected. In the case of prepayment risk, if the investment is converted, prepaid or redeemed before maturity, the portfolio managers may not be able to invest the proceeds in other investments providing as high a level of income, resulting in a reduced yield to the Fund. In the case of mortgage- or other asset-backed securities, as interest rates decrease or spreads narrow, the likelihood of prepayment increases. Conversely, extension risk is the risk that an unexpected rise in interest rates will extend the life of a mortgage- or asset-backed security beyond the prepayment time. If the Fund’s investments are locked in at a lower interest rate for a longer period of time, the portfolio managers may be unable to capitalize on securities with higher interest rates or wider spreads.
Reinvestment Risk. Reinvestment risk is the risk that the Fund will not be able to reinvest income or principal at the same return it is currently earning.
Rule 144A and Other Exempted Securities Risk. The Fund may invest in privately placed and other securities or instruments exempt from SEC registration (collectively “private placements”), subject to liquidity and other regulatory restrictions. In the U.S. market, private placements are typically sold only to qualified institutional buyers, or qualified purchasers, as applicable. An insufficient number of buyers interested in purchasing private placements at a particular time could adversely affect the marketability of such investments and the Fund might be unable to dispose of them promptly or at reasonable prices, subjecting the Fund to liquidity risk. The Fund may invest in private placements determined to be liquid as well as those determined to be illiquid. Even if determined to be liquid, the Fund’s holdings of private placements may increase the level of Fund illiquidity if eligible buyers are unable or
PROSPECTUS 2018	7
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA FLEXIBLE CAPITAL INCOME FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
unwilling to purchase them at a particular time. Issuers of Rule 144A eligible securities are required to furnish information to potential investors upon request. However, the required disclosure is much less extensive than that required of public companies and is not publicly available since the offering is not filed with the SEC. Further, issuers of Rule 144A eligible securities can require recipients of the offering information (such as the Fund) to agree contractually to keep the information confidential, which could also adversely affect the Fund’s ability to dispose of the security.
Small- and Mid-Cap Company Securities Risk. Investments in small- and mid-capitalization companies (small- and mid-cap companies) often involve greater risks than investments in larger, more established companies (larger companies) because small- and mid-cap companies tend to have less predictable earnings and may lack the management experience, financial resources, product diversification and competitive strengths of larger companies. Securities of small- and mid-cap companies may be less liquid and more volatile than the securities of larger companies.
U.S. Government Obligations Risk. While U.S. Treasury obligations are backed by the “full faith and credit” of the U.S. Government, such securities are nonetheless subject to credit risk (i.e., the risk that the U.S. Government may be, or be perceived to be, unable or unwilling to honor its financial obligations, such as making payments). Securities issued or guaranteed by federal agencies or authorities and U.S. Government-sponsored instrumentalities or enterprises may or may not be backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government.
Value Securities Risk. Value securities are securities of companies that may have experienced, for example, adverse business, industry or other developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the securities to be out of favor and, in turn, potentially undervalued. The market value of a portfolio security may not meet portfolio management’s perceived value assessment of that security, or may decline in price, even though portfolio management believes the securities are already undervalued. There is also a risk that it may take longer than expected for the value of these investments to rise to portfolio management’s perceived value. In addition, value securities, at times, may not perform as well as growth securities or the stock market in general, and may be out of favor with investors for varying periods of time.
Performance Information
The following bar chart and table show you how the Fund has performed in the past, and can help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The bar chart shows how the Fund’s Class A share performance (without sales charges) has varied for each full calendar year shown. If the sales charges were reflected, returns shown would be lower. The table below the bar chart compares the Fund’s returns (after applicable sales charges shown in the Shareholder Fees table in this prospectus) for the periods shown with a blended benchmark that is intended to provide a measure of the Fund's performance given its investment strategy, as well as another measure of performance for markets in which the Fund may invest.
The performance of one or more share classes shown in the table below begins before the indicated inception date for such share class. The returns shown for each such share class include the returns of the Fund’s Class A shares (without applicable sales charges and adjusted to reflect the higher class-related operating expenses of such share classes, where applicable) for periods prior to its inception date. Share classes with expenses that are higher than Class A shares will have performance that is lower than Class A shares (without sales charges). Except for differences in annual returns resulting from differences in expenses and sales charges (where applicable), the share classes of the Fund would have substantially similar annual returns because all share classes of the Fund invest in the same portfolio of securities.
The after-tax returns shown in the Average Annual Total Returns table below are calculated using the highest historical individual U.S. federal marginal income tax rates in effect during the period indicated in the table and do not reflect the impact of state, local or foreign taxes. Your actual after-tax returns will depend on your personal tax situation and may differ from those shown in the table. In addition, the after-tax returns shown in the table do not apply to shares held in tax-advantaged accounts such as 401(k) plans or Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs). The after-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares and will vary for other share classes.
8	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA FLEXIBLE CAPITAL INCOME FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is no guarantee of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated performance information can be obtained by calling toll-free 800.345.6611 or visiting columbiathreadneedleus.com.
    
Year by Year Total Return (%)
as of December 31 Each Year*	Best and Worst Quarterly Returns
During the Period Shown in the Bar Chart

Best	1st Quarter 2012	8.42%
Worst
3rd Quarter 2015	-7.84%
*	Year to Date return as of June 30, 2018: 0.76%
Average Annual Total Returns After Applicable Sales Charges (for periods ended December 31, 2017)
 	Share Class
Inception Date	1 Year	5 Years	Life of Fund
Class A	07/28/2011	 	 	 
returns before taxes	 	6.94%	7.75%	8.38%
returns after taxes on distributions	 	5.30%	5.87%	6.66%
returns after taxes on distributions and sale of Fund shares	 	4.20%	5.33%	5.97%
Class Adv returns before taxes	11/08/2012	13.64%	9.30%	9.59%
Class C returns before taxes	07/28/2011	11.60%	8.21%	8.56%
Class Inst returns before taxes	07/28/2011	13.65%	9.29%	9.63%
Class Inst2 returns before taxes	11/08/2012	13.67%	9.37%	9.64%
Class Inst3 returns before taxes	03/01/2017	13.75%	9.10%	9.42%
Class R returns before taxes	07/28/2011	13.10%	8.75%	9.08%
Class T returns before taxes	07/28/2011	10.52%	8.47%	8.92%
Blended Benchmark (consisting of 33.3% in each of the Russell 1000 Value Index, Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate Investment Grade & High Yield Index and Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Convertible Composite Index) (reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or taxes)	 	12.36%	9.77%	9.42%
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index (reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or taxes)	 	3.54%	2.10%	2.90%
  
Fund Management
Investment Manager: Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC
    
Portfolio Manager	 	Title	 	Role with Fund	 	Managed Fund Since
David King, CFA	 	Senior Portfolio Manager	 	Co-Portfolio Manager	 	2011
Yan Jin	 	Senior Portfolio Manager	 	Co-Portfolio Manager	 	2011
PROSPECTUS 2018	9
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA FLEXIBLE CAPITAL INCOME FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
You may purchase or redeem shares of the Fund on any business day by contacting the Fund in the ways described below:
NOTE: The Fund’s mailing addresses are changing as follows*:
    
Online	 	Regular Mail	 	Express Mail	 	By Telephone
 	 	Through October 31, 2018	 	Through October 31, 2018	 	 
columbiathreadneedleus.com/investor/	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
P.O. Box 8081
Boston, MA 02266-8081	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
c/o DST Asset Manager
Solutions, Inc.
30 Dan Road, Suite 8081
Canton, MA 02021-2809	 	800.422.3737
 	 	Regular Mail	 	Express Mail	 	 
 	 	Effective November 1, 2018	 	Effective November 1, 2018	 	 
 	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
P.O. Box 219104
Kansas City, MO 64121-9104	 	Columbia Management
Investment Services Corp.
c/o DST Asset Manager
Solutions, Inc.
430 W 7th Street, Suite 219104
Kansas City, MO 64105-1407	 	 
*	Based on the dates noted above, mail received at an incorrect address will be forwarded to the correct address, and will not be processed until received, in “good form,” at the correct address. This may affect the trade date you receive for transaction requests, which may negatively impact the value of your purchase or sale.
You may purchase shares and receive redemption proceeds by electronic funds transfer, by check or by wire. If you maintain your account with a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary, you must contact that financial intermediary to buy, sell or exchange shares of the Fund through your account with the intermediary.
The minimum initial investment amounts for the share classes offered by the Fund are shown below:
Minimum Initial Investment
    
Class	Category of eligible account	For accounts other than
systematic investment
plan accounts	For systematic investment
plan accounts
Classes A, C & T(a)	All accounts other than IRAs	$2,000	$100
IRAs	$1,000	$100
Classes Adv & Inst	All eligible accounts	$0, $1,000 or $2,000
depending upon the category
of eligible investor	$100
Classes Inst2 & R	All eligible accounts	None	N/A
Class Inst3	All eligible accounts	$0, $1,000, $2,000
or $1 million depending
upon the category
of eligible investor	$100 (for certain
eligible investors)
  
(a)	Class T shares must be purchased through financial intermediaries that, by written agreement with Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc., are specifically authorized to sell Class T shares.
More information about these minimums can be found in the Buying, Selling and Exchanging Shares - Buying Shares section of the prospectus. There is no minimum additional investment for any share class.
10	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA FLEXIBLE CAPITAL INCOME FUND
SUMMARY OF THE FUND (continued)
Tax Information
The Fund normally distributes net investment income and net realized capital gains, if any, to shareholders. These distributions are generally taxable to you as ordinary income, qualified dividend income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-advantaged account, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA. If you are investing through a tax-advantaged account, you may be taxed upon withdrawals from that account.
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries
If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies — including Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC (the Investment Manager), Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor) and Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. (the Transfer Agent) — may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your financial advisor to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your financial advisor or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.