Columbia Variable Portfolio - Select Large-Cap Value Fund
<head_breaker>

SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – SELECT LARGE-CAP VALUE FUND
Investment Objective
Columbia Variable Portfolio (VP) – Select Large-Cap Value Fund (the Fund) seeks to provide shareholders with long-term growth of capital.
Fees and Expenses of the Fund
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay as an investor in the Fund. The table does not reflect any fees or expenses imposed by your Contract or Qualified Plan, which are disclosed in your separate Contract prospectus or Qualified Plan disclosure documents. If the additional fees or expenses were reflected, the expenses set forth below would be higher.
    
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Class 1	Class 2	Class 3
Management fees	0.72%	0.72%	0.72%
Distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees	0.00%	0.25%	0.13%
Other expenses(a)	0.01%	0.01%	0.01%
Total annual Fund operating expenses	0.73%	0.98%	0.86%
(a)	Other expenses have been restated to reflect current fees paid by the Fund.
Example
The following example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example illustrates the hypothetical expenses that you would incur over the time periods indicated, and assumes that:
■	you invest $10,000 in the applicable class of Fund shares for the periods indicated,
■	your investment has a 5% return each year, and
■	the Fund’s total annual operating expenses remain the same as shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table above.
The example does not reflect any fees and expenses that apply to your Contract or Qualified Plan. Inclusion of these charges would increase expenses for all periods shown.
Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on the assumptions listed above, your costs would be:
    
 	1 year	3 years	5 years	10 years
Class 1 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 75	$233	$406	$ 906
Class 2 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$100	$312	$542	$1,201
Class 3 (whether or not shares are redeemed)	$ 88	$274	$477	$1,061
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund may pay transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 8% of the average value of its portfolio.
Principal Investment Strategies
Under normal circumstances, at least 80% of the Fund’s net assets (including the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) are invested in equity securities of large capitalization issuers. These companies have market capitalizations in the range of companies in the Russell 1000® Value Index (the Index) at the time of purchase
94	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – SELECT LARGE-CAP VALUE FUND (continued)
(between $350.2 million and $372.9 billion as of March 31, 2018). The market capitalization range and composition of the companies in the Index are subject to change. The Fund’s Board of Trustees may change the parameters by which large market capitalization is defined if it concludes such a change is appropriate.
The Fund invests substantially in securities of U.S. issuers. The Fund also invests substantially in “value” companies. The Fund considers “value” companies to be those companies believed by the investment manager to be undervalued, either historically, by the market, or as compared with issuers in the same or similar industry or sector.
The Fund may from time to time emphasize one or more sectors in selecting its investments, including the financial services sector. The Fund may hold a small number of securities, consistent with its value investment approach.
Generally, the Fund anticipates holding between 30 and 40 securities in its portfolio; however, the Fund may hold, at any time, more or fewer securities than noted in this range.
Principal Risks
An investment in the Fund involves risks, including those described below. There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective and you may lose money. The value of the Fund’s holdings may decline, and the Fund’s net asset value (NAV) and share price may go down. An investment in the Fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
Active Management Risk. Due to its active management, the Fund could underperform its benchmark index and/or other funds with similar investment objectives and/or strategies.
Focused Portfolio Risk. Because the Fund may invest in a limited number of companies, the Fund as a whole is subject to greater risk of loss if any of those securities decline in price.
Issuer Risk. An issuer in which the Fund invests or to which it has exposure may perform poorly, and the value of its securities may therefore decline, which would negatively affect the Fund’s performance. Poor performance may be caused by poor management decisions, competitive pressures, breakthroughs in technology, reliance on suppliers, labor problems or shortages, corporate restructurings, fraudulent disclosures, natural disasters or other events, conditions or factors. The market capitalization of an issuer may also impact its risk profile. Investments in larger, more established companies may involve certain risks associated with their larger size. For instance, larger, more established companies may be less able to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in consumer tastes or innovation from smaller competitors. Also, larger companies are sometimes less able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion.
Market Risk. Market risk refers to the possibility that the market values of securities or other investments that the Fund holds will fall, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, or fail to rise. An investment in the Fund could lose money over short or long periods.
Sector Risk. At times, the Fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a related group of industries within a sector, including the financial services sector. Companies in the same sector may be similarly affected by economic, regulatory, political or market events or conditions, which may make the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that sector than funds that invest more broadly. Generally, the more broadly the Fund invests, the more it spreads risk and potentially reduces the risks of loss and volatility.
Financial Services Sector. The Fund may be more susceptible to the particular risks that may affect companies in the financial services sector than if it were invested in a wider variety of companies in unrelated sectors. Companies in the financial services sector are subject to certain risks, including the risk of regulatory change, decreased liquidity in credit markets and unstable interest rates. Such companies may have concentrated portfolios, such as a high level of loans to real estate developers, which makes them vulnerable to economic conditions that affect that industry. Performance of such companies may be affected by competitive pressures and exposure to investments or agreements that, under certain circumstances, may lead to losses (e.g., subprime loans). Companies in the financial services sector are subject to extensive governmental regulation that may limit the amount and types of loans and other financial commitments they can make, and interest rates and fees that they may charge. In addition, profitability of such companies is largely dependent upon the availability and the cost of capital.
PROSPECTUS 2018	95
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – SELECT LARGE-CAP VALUE FUND (continued)
Value Securities Risk. Value securities are securities of companies that may have experienced, for example, adverse business, industry or other developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the securities to be out of favor and, in turn, potentially undervalued. The market value of a portfolio security may not meet portfolio management’s perceived value assessment of that security, or may decline in price, even though portfolio management believes the securities are already undervalued. There is also a risk that it may take longer than expected for the value of these investments to rise to portfolio management’s perceived value. In addition, value securities, at times, may not perform as well as growth securities or the stock market in general, and may be out of favor with investors for varying periods of time.
Performance Information
The following bar chart and table show you how the Fund has performed in the past, and can help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The bar chart shows how the Fund’s Class 3 share performance has varied for each full calendar year shown. The table below the bar chart compares the Fund’s returns for the periods shown with a broad measure of market performance, as well as another measure of performance for markets in which the Fund may invest.
The performance of one or more share classes shown in the table below begins before the indicated inception date for such share class. The returns shown for each such share class include the returns of the Fund’s Class 3 shares (adjusted to reflect the higher class-related operating expenses of such classes, where applicable) for periods prior to its inception date. Except for differences in annual returns resulting from differences in expenses (where applicable), the share classes of the Fund would have substantially similar annual returns because all share classes of the Fund invest in the same portfolio of securities.
The returns shown do not reflect any fees and expenses imposed under your Contract or Qualified Plan and would be lower if they did.
The Fund’s past performance is no guarantee of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated performance information can be obtained by calling toll-free 800.345.6611 or visiting columbiathreadneedle.com/us.
    
Year by Year Total Return (%)
as of December 31 Each Year	Best and Worst Quarterly Returns
During the Period Shown in the Bar Chart

Best	2nd Quarter 2009	22.65%
Worst
4th Quarter 2008	-20.72%
Average Annual Total Returns (for periods ended December 31, 2017)
 	Share Class
Inception Date	1 Year	5 Years	10 Years
Class 1	05/03/2010	20.96%	16.26%	8.61%
Class 2	05/03/2010	20.71%	15.97%	8.37%
Class 3	02/04/2004	20.81%	16.10%	8.50%
Russell 1000 Value Index (reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or taxes)	 	13.66%	14.04%	7.10%
S&P 500 Index (reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or taxes)	 	21.83%	15.79%	8.50%
  
96	PROSPECTUS 2018
 

Table of Contents
COLUMBIA VARIABLE PORTFOLIO FUNDS
SUMMARY OF COLUMBIA VP – SELECT LARGE-CAP VALUE FUND (continued)
Fund Management
Investment Manager: Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC
    
Portfolio Manager	 	Title	 	Role with Fund	 	Managed Fund Since
Richard Rosen	 	Senior Portfolio Manager	 	Lead Portfolio Manager	 	2008
Richard Taft	 	Portfolio Manager	 	Portfolio Manager	 	2016
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
The Fund is available for purchase through Contracts offered by the separate accounts of participating insurance companies or Qualified Plans or by other eligible investors authorized by Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor). Shares of the Fund may not be purchased or sold by individual owners of Contracts or Qualified Plans. If you are a Contract holder or Qualified Plan participant, please refer to your separate Contract prospectus or Qualified Plan disclosure documents for information about minimum investment requirements and how to purchase and redeem shares of the Fund on days the Fund is open for business.
Tax Information
The Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and does not expect to make regular distributions (other than in redemption of Fund shares) to shareholders which are generally the participating insurance companies investing in the Fund through separate accounts or Qualified Plans or certain other eligible investors authorized by the Distributor. You should consult with the participating insurance company that issued your Contract, plan sponsor or other eligible investor through which your investment in the Fund is made regarding the U.S. federal income taxation of your investment.
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries
If you make allocations to the Fund, the Fund, its Distributor or other related companies may pay participating insurance companies or other financial intermediaries for the allocation (sale) of Fund shares and related services in connection with such allocations to the Fund. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the participating insurance company, other financial intermediary or your salesperson to recommend an allocation to the Fund over another fund or other investment option. Ask your financial advisor or salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.