Cornerstone Moderately Aggressive Fund
<head_breaker>

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The USAA Cornerstone Moderately Aggressive Fund (the Fund) seeks capital appreciation with a secondary focus on current income.
FEES AND EXPENSES
The tables below describe the fees and expenses that you may pay, directly and indirectly, to invest in the Fund. The annual fund operating expenses for the Fund are based on expenses incurred during the Fund’s most recently completed fiscal year.
Shareholder Fees
(fees paid directly from your investment)	None
Annual Fund Operating Expenses
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
Management Fee	0.59%
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) Fees	None
Other Expenses	0.47%
Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses	0.09%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	1.15%(a)(b)
Reimbursement from Adviser	(0.08%)(c)
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses after Reimbursement	1.07%
(a)	The total annual operating expenses for the Fund may not correlate to the ratio of expenses to average daily net assets shown in the financial highlights, which reflect the operating expenses of the Fund and do not include acquired fund fees and expenses.
(b)	The expense information in the table has been restated to reflect current fees.
(c)	The Investment Adviser has agreed, through September 30, 2019, to make payments or waive management, administration, and other fees to limit the expenses of the Fund so that the total annual operating expenses of the Fund (exclusive of expense offset arrangements, acquired fund fees and expenses, and extraordinary expenses) do not exceed an annual rate of 0.98% of the Fund’s average daily net assets. This reimbursement arrangement may not be changed or terminated during this time period without approval of the Fund’s Board of Trustees and may be changed or terminated by the Investment Adviser at any time after September 30, 2019.
Example
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, you would pay the following expenses on a
26  |  USAA Cornerstone Funds
 

Table of Contents
$10,000 investment, assuming (1) a 5% annual return, (2) the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same, (3) you redeem all of your shares at the end of the periods shown, and (4) the expense reimbursement arrangement is not continued beyond one year.
1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
$109	$357	$625	$1,390
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, including commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when shares of the Fund are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance.
For the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 56% of the average value of its whole portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGY
The Fund invests in equity securities, bonds, money market instruments, and other instruments including derivatives. The Fund has a target asset class allocation of approximately 60% equity securities and 40% fixed-income securities. The actual asset class allocation can deviate from time to time from these targets as market conditions warrant. The Fund’s asset allocation is actively managed by adjusting the Fund’s investments among asset classes that the Fund’s manager(s) deems appropriate, using a combination of active security selection, quantitative investing strategies, and investments in active and passive exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and futures. The implementation of the asset allocation may involve the extensive use of equity and fixed-income ETFs. The Fund may invest in securities issued by domestic or foreign companies. The Fund also may invest in investment-grade and below-investment-grade (“junk” or high-yield) fixed-income securities.
The Fund’s investments also may include real estate investment trusts (REITs), investments that provide exposure to commodities (such as ETFs or natural resources companies), and derivatives, including futures and options. The Fund may use derivatives to reduce its volatility over time, to enhance returns, or to provide diversification.
PRINCIPAL RISKS
Any investment involves risk, and there is no assurance that the Fund’s objective will be achieved. The Fund is actively managed and the investment techniques and risk analyses used by the Fund’s manager(s) may not produce
Prospectus  |  27
 

Table of Contents
the desired results. As you consider an investment in the Fund, you also should take into account your tolerance for the daily fluctuations of the financial markets and whether you can afford to leave your money in the Fund for long periods of time to ride out down periods. As with other mutual funds, losing money is a risk of investing in the Fund.
The Fund has a targeted risk tolerance and a corresponding asset allocation target; however, mere asset allocation and volatility are not the sole determination of risk. The Fund’s managers will tactically allocate away from the target allocation as market conditions and the perceived risks warrant. The Fund bears the risk that the managers’ tactical allocation will not be successful.
The equity securities in the Fund’s portfolio are subject to stock market risk. A company’s stock price in general may decline over short or even extended periods, regardless of the success or failure of the company’s operations. Stock markets tend to run in cycles, with periods when stock prices generally go up and periods when stock prices generally go down. Equity securities tend to be more volatile than debt securities. In addition, to the degree the Fund invests in foreign securities, there is a possibility that the value of the Fund’s investments in foreign securities will decrease because of unique risks, such as currency exchange-rate fluctuations; foreign market illiquidity; emerging market risk; increased price volatility; uncertain political conditions; exchange control regulations; foreign ownership limits; different accounting, reporting, and disclosure requirements; difficulties in obtaining legal judgments; and foreign withholding taxes. These risks are particularly heightened in this Fund because investments in emerging-market countries generally are more volatile than investments in developed markets. Emerging-market countries are less economically diverse and mature than more developed countries and tend to be politically less stable.
The Fund may invest in securities of companies of any market capitalization and is subject to mid- and small-cap company risk, which is the greater risk of investing in smaller, less well-known companies, as opposed to investing in established companies with proven track records. Mid- and small-cap companies also may have limited product lines, markets, or financial resources. Securities of such companies may be less liquid and more volatile than securities of larger companies or the market in general and, therefore, may involve greater risk than investing in the securities of larger companies.
The fixed-income securities in the Fund's portfolio are subject to credit risk, which is the possibility that an issuer of a fixed-income security will fail to make timely interest and/or principal payments on its securities or that negative market perceptions of the issuer’s ability to make such payments will cause the price of that security to decline. The Fund accepts some credit risk as a recognized means to enhance an investor’s return. All fixed-income securities, varying from the highest quality to the very speculative, have some degree of credit risk. Fixed-income securities rated below investment grade, also known as “junk” or high-yield bonds, generally entail greater economic,
28  |  USAA Cornerstone Funds
 

Table of Contents
credit, and liquidity risk than investment-grade securities. Their prices may be more volatile, especially during economic downturns, financial setbacks, or liquidity events.
The Fund is subject to the risk that the market value of the bonds in its portfolio will fluctuate because of changes in interest rates, changes in the supply of and demand for fixed-income securities, and other market factors. Bond prices generally are linked to the prevailing market interest rates. In general, when interest rates rise, bond prices fall; conversely, when interest rates fall, bond prices rise. The price volatility of a bond also depends on its maturity. Generally, the longer the maturity of a bond, the greater is its sensitivity to interest rates. To compensate investors for this higher interest rate risk, bonds with longer maturities generally offer higher yields than bonds with shorter maturities. Because the Federal Reserve has begun to raise interest rates, the Fund may face a heightened level of interest rate risk.
The Fund may invest in shares of ETFs, which generally are investment companies that hold a portfolio of common stocks or debt securities, the shares of which are traded on an exchange. ETFs incur their own management and other fees and expenses, such as trustees’ fees, operating expenses, registration fees, and marketing expenses, a proportionate share of which will be borne indirectly by the Fund as a shareholder in an ETF. As a result, the Fund’s investment in an ETF will cause the Fund to indirectly bear the fees and expenses of the ETF and, in turn, the Fund’s performance may be lower than if the Fund were to invest directly in the underlying securities held by the ETF. For investments in affiliated USAA ETFs, the Fund’s management fee is reimbursed by the Adviser to the extent of the indirect management fee incurred through the Fund’s investment in the affiliated ETFs. The Adviser may have conflicts of interest in allocating assets among affiliated and unaffiliated ETFs, because the Adviser also manages and administers the affiliated ETFs, and the Adviser and its affiliates receive other fees from the affiliated ETFs. In addition, the Fund also will be subject to the risks associated with the securities or other investments held by the ETFs.
The Adviser uses quantitative investment analysis when evaluating and selecting investments for the Fund. Quantitative tools used by the Adviser analyze stocks and other potential investments based on various investment characteristics or “factors” (such as momentum, value, quality, and volatility). Those factors may be out of favor or may not produce the best results over short or longer time periods. In addition, the effectiveness of the quantitative analysis of securities will significantly impact the success of the Fund’s investment strategy. A portfolio of securities selected using quantitative analysis may underperform the market as a whole or a portfolio of securities selected using a different approach, such as fundamental analysis. The factors used in quantitative analysis and the emphasis placed on those factors may not be predictive of a security’s value. Further, factors that affect a security’s value can change over time and these changes may not be reflected in the
Prospectus  |  29
 

Table of Contents
Fund’s portfolio. As a result, the Fund may have a lower return than if it were managed using a strategy that did not incorporate quantitative analysis.
The Fund may invest in futures, options, and other types of derivatives. Risks associated with derivatives include the risk that the derivative is not well-correlated with the security, index, ETF, or currency to which it relates; the risk that the use of derivatives may not have the intended effects and may result in losses, underperformance, or missed opportunities; the risk that the Fund will be unable to sell the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation; the risk of interest rate movements; and the risk that the derivatives transaction could expose the Fund to the effects of leverage, which could increase the Fund’s market exposure, magnify investment risks and losses, and cause losses to be realized more quickly. There is no guarantee that derivative techniques will be employed or that they will work as intended, and their use could lower returns or even result in losses to the Fund.
The Fund may invest in leveraged instruments or strategies that use leveraged instruments. Accordingly, the Fund is subject to the risk associated with securities or practices that multiply small price movements into large changes in value. The Fund may experience leveraging risk in connection with its investments in derivatives because the Fund’s investments in derivatives may be small relative to the investment exposure assumed, leaving more assets to be invested in other investments. Such investments may have the effect of leveraging the Fund because it may experience gains or losses not only on its investments in derivatives, but also on the other investments. The more the Fund invests in leveraged instruments, the more this leverage will magnify any losses on those investments.
The Fund is subject to liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Fund’s investments generally cannot expect to be sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of business within seven days at approximately the value ascribed to such securities.
There is a risk that the value of the Fund’s investment in REITs will decrease because of a decline in real estate values more broadly. Investing in REITs may subject the Fund to many of the same risks associated with the direct ownership of real estate. Additionally, REITs are dependent upon the capabilities of the REIT’s manager(s); have limited diversification; and may be particularly sensitive to economic downturns or changes in interest rates, real estate values, cash flows of underlying real estate assets, occupancy rates, zoning laws, and tax laws. Because REITs are pooled investment vehicles that incur expenses of their own, the Fund will indirectly bear its proportionate share of those expenses.
Because of commodity price volatility and the increased impact such volatility has on the profitability of precious metals and minerals and natural resources industries, there are additional risks involved in investing in the securities of
30  |  USAA Cornerstone Funds
 

Table of Contents
companies in these industries. The natural resources and precious metals and minerals industries can be significantly affected by global economic, financial, and political developments. Investments related to natural resources and precious metals and minerals may fluctuate in price significantly over short periods of time. However, because the market action of such securities has tended to move independently of the broader financial markets, the addition of these securities to a portfolio may reduce overall fluctuations in portfolio value.
In purchasing and selling securities in order to rebalance its portfolio, the Fund will pay more in brokerage commissions than it would if it did not reallocate assets among the asset classes from time to time. As a result of the need to rebalance, the Fund also has less flexibility in the timing of purchases and sales of securities than it would otherwise. While we will attempt to minimize any adverse impact to the Fund or its shareholders, the Fund may have a higher proportion of capital gains and a potentially lower return than a fund that does not reallocate from time to time.
An investment in the Fund is not a deposit in USAA Federal Savings Bank, or any other bank, and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
PERFORMANCE
The following bar chart and table are intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The bar chart provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund and illustrates the volatility and performance from year to year for each full calendar year over the past 10 years. The table shows how the Fund’s average annual total returns for the periods indicated compared to those of the Fund’s benchmark index and an additional index with similar investment objectives. Performance reflects any expense limitations in effect during the periods shown.
Remember, historical performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate what will happen in the future. For the Fund’s most current performance information, log on to usaa.com or call (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722.
Prospectus  |  31
 

Table of Contents
RISK/RETURN BAR CHART
Annual Returns for Periods Ended December 31

During the periods shown in the chart:	Returns	Quarter ended
Highest Quarter Return	22.12%	June 30, 2009
Lowest Quarter Return	-18.55%	December 31, 2008
Year-to-Date Return	-1.29%	June 30, 2018
After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. In certain situations, the return after taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares may be higher than the other return amounts. A higher after-tax return may result when a capital loss occurs upon redemption and translates into an assumed tax deduction that benefits the shareholder. The actual after-tax returns depend on your tax situation and may differ from those shown. If you hold your shares through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as an individual retirement account (IRA) or 401(k) plan, the after-tax returns shown in the table are not relevant to you.
32  |  USAA Cornerstone Funds
 

Table of Contents
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
For Periods Ended December 31, 2017
 	Past
1 Year	Past
5 Years	Past
10 Years
Return Before Taxes	14.98%	6.00%	3.76%
Return After Taxes on Distributions	12.47%	4.83%	2.82%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares	9.59%	4.31%	2.67%
Indexes
MSCI All-Country World Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	23.97%	10.82%	4.65%
Cornerstone Moderately Aggressive Composite Index* (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	14.92%	7.95%	5.52%
* The Cornerstone Moderately Aggressive Composite Index is a combination of unmanaged indexes representing the Fund’s model allocation, and consists of the MSCI USA Investable Market Index (IMI) Gross (34%), the MSCI ACWI ex USA IMI Net (23%), the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Universal Index (38%), the Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return (1.5%), the MSCI U.S. Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) Index Gross (1.5%), and the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Treasury - Bills (1-3M) (2%).
INVESTMENT ADVISER
USAA Asset Management Company (“AMCO” or “Adviser”)
PORTFOLIO MANAGERS
Wasif A. Latif, Vice President, Head of Global Multi-Assets, has co-managed the Fund since July 2009.
Arnold J. Espe, CFA, Vice President, Mutual Funds Portfolios, has co-managed the Fund since January 2004.
Lance Humphrey, CFA, Assistant Vice President, Global Multi-Asset Portfolio Management, has co-managed the Fund since March 2016.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES
You may purchase or sell shares of the Fund through a USAA investment account on any business day through our website at usaa.com or mobile.usaa.com, or by telephone at (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722. You also may purchase or sell shares of the Fund through certain other financial intermediaries. If you have opened an account directly with the Fund, you also may purchase and sell shares of the Fund by mail at P.O. Box 659453, San Antonio, Texas 78265-9825.
Prospectus  |  33
 

Table of Contents
■	Minimum initial purchase: $500 or $50 with a $50 monthly systematic investment plan.
■	Minimum subsequent investment: $50
TAX INFORMATION
The Fund intends to make distributions that generally will be taxed to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gains, unless you are a tax-exempt investor or you invest through an IRA, 401(k) plan, or other tax-deferred account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).
PAYMENTS TO BROKER-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of such shares and certain servicing and administrative functions. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.