Eaton Vance Real Estate Fund
<head_breaker>

Eaton Vance Real Estate Fund

Investment Objective

The Fund’s investment objective is to seek total return.

Fees and Expenses of the Fund

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. Investors may also pay commissions or other fees to their financial intermediary when they buy and hold shares of the Fund, which are not reflected below. You may qualify for a reduced sales charge on purchases of Class A shares if you invest, or agree to invest over a 13-month period, at least $50,000 in Eaton Vance funds. Certain financial intermediaries also may offer variations in Fund sales charges to their customers as described in Appendix A – Financial Intermediary Sales Charge Variations in this Prospectus. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial intermediary and in Sales Charges beginning on page 51 of this Prospectus and page 26 of the Fund’s Statement of Additional Information.

Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment)	Class A	Class I
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a percentage of offering price)	5.75%	None
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a percentage of the lower of net asset value at purchase or redemption)	None	None
 

Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)	Class A	Class I
Management Fees	0.80%	0.80%
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees	0.25%	None
Other Expenses	0.37%	0.37%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	1.42%	1.17%
Expense Reimbursement(1)	(0.17)%	(0.17)%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Expense Reimbursement	1.25%	1.00%
(1)	The administrator has agreed to reimburse the Fund’s expenses to the extent that Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 1.25% for Class A shares and 1.00% for Class I shares. This expense reimbursement will continue through April 30, 2019. Any amendment to or termination of this reimbursement would require approval of the Board of Trustees. The expense reimbursement relates to ordinary operating expenses only and does not include expenses such as: brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses of unaffiliated funds, interest expense, taxes or litigation expenses. Amounts reimbursed may be recouped by the administrator during the same fiscal year to the extent actual expenses are less than the contractual expense cap during such year.
Example. This Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the operating expenses remain the same and that any reimbursement arrangement remains in place for the contractual period. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Class A shares	$695	$983	$1,291	$2,165
Class I shares	$102	$355	$627	$1,405
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” the portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate was 36% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

The Fund seeks total return through a combination of capital appreciation and current income. Under normal market conditions, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) in equity securities of companies primarily engaged in the real estate industry (the “80% Policy”). Although it invests primarily in domestic securities, the Fund may invest up to 20% of its net assets in foreign securities. As an alternative to holding foreign stocks directly, the Fund may invest in U.S. dollar-denominated securities of foreign companies that trade on U.S. exchanges, or in the over-the-counter market (including depositary receipts which evidence ownership in underlying foreign stocks). The Fund may invest in exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”), a type of pooled investment vehicle, in order to

Eaton Vance Domestic Equity Funds	21	Prospectus dated May 1, 2018
 
manage cash positions to seek exposure to certain market sectors. The Fund is “non-diversified,” which means it may invest a greater percentage of its asset in the securities of a single issuer than a “diversified” fund.

Companies primarily engaged in the real estate industry and other real estate-related investments may include publicly traded real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) or real estate operating companies that either own properties or make construction or mortgage loans, real estate developers, companies with substantial real estate holdings and other companies whose products and services are related to the real estate industry, such as lodging operators, brokers, property management companies, building supply manufacturers, mortgage lenders, or mortgage servicing companies. REITs tend to be small to medium-sized companies. The value of a REIT can depend on the structure of and cash flow generated by the REIT. REITs are pooled investment vehicles that have expenses of their own, so the Fund will indirectly bear its proportionate share of those expenses. The Fund will not own real estate directly.

The portfolio manager generally seeks to purchase securities of companies that he believes are high in quality and reasonably priced in relation to their fundamental value. In selecting securities, the portfolio manager generally seeks companies believed to have the potential for above-average earnings growth and profit margins, as well as good appreciation prospects and income-producing potential. Investment decisions are made primarily on the basis of fundamental research. The portfolio manager utilizes information provided by, and the expertise of, the investment adviser’s research staff in making investment decisions. Factors the portfolio manager considers in selecting real estate companies include one or more of the following: asset quality; quality and experience of management; type and location of real estate owned; nature of a company’s real estate activities; sustainability of a company’s competitive position; balance sheet strength; free cash flow and growth thereof; and relative valuation. While stocks generally are acquired with the expectation of being held for the long term, securities may be sold if, in the opinion of the investment adviser, the price moves above a fair level of valuation, the company’s fundamentals deteriorate or to pursue more attractive investment options.

Principal Risks

Market Risk. The value of investments held by the Fund may increase or decrease in response to economic, political and financial events (whether real, expected or perceived) in the U.S. and global markets. The frequency and magnitude of such changes in value cannot be predicted. Certain securities and other investments held by the Fund may experience increased volatility, illiquidity, or other potentially adverse effects in reaction to changing market conditions. Actions taken by the U.S. Federal Reserve or foreign central banks to stimulate or stabilize economic growth, such as decreases or increases in short-term interest rates, could cause high volatility in markets.

Equity Securities Risk. The value of equity securities and related instruments may decline in response to adverse changes in the economy or the economic outlook; deterioration in investor sentiment; interest rate, currency, and commodity price fluctuations; adverse geopolitical, social or environmental developments; issuer and sector-specific considerations; or other factors. Market conditions may affect certain types of stocks to a greater extent than other types of stocks. If the stock market declines in value, the value of the Fund’s equity securities will also likely decline. Although prices can rebound, there is no assurance that values will return to previous levels.

Real Estate Risk. Real estate investments are subject to risks associated with owning real estate, including declines in real estate values, increases in property taxes, fluctuations in interest rates, limited availability of mortgage financing, decreases in revenues from underlying real estate assets, declines in occupancy rates, changes in government regulations affecting zoning, land use, and rents, environmental liabilities, and risks related to the management skill and creditworthiness of the issuer. Companies in the real estate industry may also be subject to liabilities under environmental and hazardous waste laws, among others. REITs must satisfy specific requirements for favorable tax treatment and can involve unique risks in addition to the risks generally affecting the real estate industry. The Fund is not eligible for a deduction from dividends received from REITs that is available to individuals who invest directly in REITs. Changes in underlying real estate values may have an exaggerated effect to the extent that investments are concentrated in particular geographic regions or property types.

Industry Concentration Risk. Because the Fund concentrates its investments in the real estate industry, the value of Fund shares may be affected by events that adversely affect that industry and may fluctuate more than that of a fund that invests more broadly.

Issuer Diversification Risk. The Fund is “non-diversified,” which means it may invest a greater percentage of its assets in the securities of a single issuer than a fund that is “diversified.” Non-diversified funds may focus their investments in a small number of issuers, making them more susceptible to risks affecting such issuers than a more diversified fund might be.

Smaller Company Risk. The stocks of smaller, less seasoned companies are generally subject to greater price fluctuations, limited liquidity, higher transaction costs and higher investment risk than the stocks of larger, more established companies. Such companies may have limited product lines, markets or financial resources, may be dependent on a limited management group, and may lack substantial capital reserves or an established performance record. There may be generally less publicly available information about such companies than for larger, more established

Eaton Vance Domestic Equity Funds	22	Prospectus dated May 1, 2018
 
companies. Stocks of these companies frequently have lower trading volumes making them more volatile and potentially more difficult to value.

Foreign Investment Risk. Foreign investments can be adversely affected by political, economic and market developments abroad, including the imposition of economic and other sanctions by the United States or another country. Foreign markets may be smaller, less liquid and more volatile than the major markets in the United States, and as a result, Fund share values may be more volatile. Trading in foreign markets typically involves higher expense than trading in the United States. The Fund may have difficulties enforcing its legal or contractual rights in a foreign country. Depositary receipts are subject to many of the risks associated with investing directly in foreign instruments.

Currency Risk. Exchange rates for currencies fluctuate daily. The value of foreign investments may be affected favorably or unfavorably by changes in currency exchange rates in relation to the U.S. dollar. Currency markets generally are not as regulated as securities markets and currency transactions are subject to settlement, custodial and other operational risks.

ETF Risk. ETFs are subject to the risks of investing in the underlying securities or other investments. ETF shares may trade at a premium or discount to net asset value and are subject to secondary market trading risks. In addition, the Fund will bear a pro rata portion of the operating expenses of an ETF in which it invests. Other pooled investment vehicles generally are subject to risks similar to those of ETFs. 

Risks Associated with Active Management. The success of the Fund’s investment strategy depends on portfolio management’s successful application of analytical skills and investment judgment. Active management involves subjective decisions.

General Fund Investing Risks. The Fund is not a complete investment program and there is no guarantee that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. It is possible to lose money by investing in the Fund. The Fund is designed to be a long-term investment vehicle and is not suited for short-term trading. Investors in the Fund should have a long-term investment perspective and be able to tolerate potentially sharp declines in value. Purchase and redemption activities by Fund shareholders may impact the management of the Fund and its ability to achieve its investment objective(s). In addition, the redemption by one or more large shareholders or groups of shareholders of their holdings in the Fund could have an adverse impact on the remaining shareholders in the Fund. An investment in the Fund is not a deposit in a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.

Performance

The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing changes in the Fund’s performance from year to year and how the Fund’s average annual returns over time compare with those of two broad-based securities market indices. The returns in the bar chart are for Class A shares and do not reflect a sales charge. If the sales charge was reflected, returns would be lower. Past performance (both before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. The Fund’s performance reflects the effects of expense reductions. Absent these reductions, performance would have been lower. Updated Fund performance information can be obtained by visiting www.eatonvance.com.



For the ten years ended December 31, 2017, the highest quarterly total return for Class A was 30.70% for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, and the lowest quarterly return was -35.70% for the quarter ended December 31, 2008.

Eaton Vance Domestic Equity Funds	23	Prospectus dated May 1, 2018
 
 

Average Annual Total Return as of December 31, 2017	One Year	Five Years	Ten Years
Class A Return Before Taxes	-2.08%	7.57%	7.03%
Class A Return After Taxes on Distributions	-3.00%	6.03%	5.90%
Class A Return After Taxes on Distributions and the Sale of Class A Shares	-1.19%	5.39%	5.19%
Class I Return Before Taxes	4.23%	9.13%	7.86%
Dow Jones U.S. Select Real Estate Securities Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)	3.76%	9.07%	6.97%
S&P 500 Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)	21.83%	15.78%	8.49%
These returns reflect the maximum sales charge for Class A (5.75%). The Class A performance shown above for the period prior to June 9, 2010 (commencement of operations) is the performance of Class I shares, adjusted for the sales charge that applies to Class A shares but not adjusted for any other differences in the expenses of the two classes. If adjusted for such differences, returns would be different. Investors cannot invest directly in an Index.

After-tax returns are calculated using the highest historical individual federal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and the actual characterization of distributions, and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to shareholders who hold shares in tax-deferred accounts or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns for other Classes of shares will vary from the after-tax returns presented for Class A shares. Return After Taxes on Distributions for a period may be the same as Return Before Taxes for that period because no taxable distributions were made during that period. Also, Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares for a period may be greater than or equal to Return After Taxes on Distributions for the same period because of losses realized on the sale of Fund shares.

Management

Investment Adviser. Eaton Vance Management (“Eaton Vance”).

Portfolio Manager. The Fund is managed by J. Scott Craig, Vice President of Eaton Vance, who has managed the Fund since it commenced operations in April 2006.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

You may purchase, redeem or exchange Fund shares on any business day, which is any day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. You may purchase, redeem or exchange Fund shares either through your financial intermediary or directly from a Fund either by writing to the Fund, P.O. Box 9653, Providence, RI 02940-9653, or by calling 1-800-262-1122. The minimum initial purchase or exchange into a Fund is $1,000 for Class A and $250,000 for Class I (waived in certain circumstances). There is no minimum for subsequent investments.