Eaton Vance TABS 10-to-20 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund
<head_breaker>

Eaton Vance TABS 10-to-20 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund

Investment Objective

The Fund’s investment objective is to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax.

Fees and Expenses of the Fund

The following tables describe the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares. Investors may also pay commissions or other fees to their financial intermediary when they buy and hold shares of the Fund, which are not reflected below. You may qualify for a reduced sales charge on purchases of Class A shares if you invest, or agree to invest over a 13-month period, at least $50,000 in Eaton Vance Funds. Certain financial intermediaries also may offer variations in Fund sales charges to their customers as described in Appendix A – Financial Intermediary Sales Charge Variations in this Prospectus. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial intermediary and in Sales Charges beginning on page 20 of this Prospectus and page 21 of the Fund’s Statement of Additional Information.

Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment)	Class A	Class C	Class I
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a percentage of offering price)	4.75%	None	None
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a percentage of the lower of net asset value at purchase or redemption)	None	1.00%	None
 

Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)	Class A	Class C	Class I
Management Fees	0.32%	0.32%	0.32%
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees	0.25%	1.00%	None
Other Expenses	1.50%	1.50%	1.50%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	2.07%	2.82%	1.82%
Expense Reimbursement (1)	(1.42)%	(1.42)%	(1.42)%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Expense Reimbursement	0.65%	1.40%	0.40%
(1)	The investment adviser and administrator has agreed to reimburse the Fund’s expenses to the extent that Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.65% for Class A shares, 1.40% for Class C shares and 0.40% for Class I shares. This expense reimbursement will continue through May 31, 2019. Any amendment to or termination of this reimbursement would require approval of the Board of Trustees. The expense reimbursement relates to ordinary operating expenses only and does not include expenses such as: brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses of unaffiliated funds, interest expense, taxes or litigation expenses. Amounts reimbursed may be recouped by the investment adviser and administrator during the same fiscal year to the extent actual expenses are less than the contractual expense cap during such year.
Example. This Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the operating expenses remain the same and that any expense reimbursement arrangement remains in place for the contractual period. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 	Expenses with Redemption	Expenses without Redemption
 	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Class A shares	$538	$962	$1,411	$2,653	$538	$962	$1,411	$2,653
Class C shares	$243	$740	$1,363	$3,045	$143	$740	$1,363	$3,045
Class I shares	$41	$434	$852	$2,020	$41	$434	$852	$2,020
 

Eaton Vance TABS Laddered Municipal Bond Funds	7	Prospectus dated June 1, 2018
 
 

Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” the portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund's portfolio turnover was 53% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Under normal market conditions, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) in municipal obligations with final maturities of between ten and twenty years, the interest on which is exempt from regular federal income tax (the “80% Policy”). For the purposes of the Fund’s 80% Policy, final maturity is defined as (i) the stated final maturity of a callable bond; (ii) the pre-refunded date of an existing pre-refunded bond; (iii) the earliest put date of a put bond or (iv) the monthly re-set date of a municipal floating-rate bond or obligation. For municipal obligations held by the Fund that become pre-refunded after the Fund purchases such obligation, the final maturity of such obligation remains the stated maturity. All municipal obligations maturing within a calendar year will be defined as having the same final maturity. At least 90% of the Fund’s net assets normally is invested in municipal obligations rated at least investment grade at the time of investment (which are those rated Baa or higher by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”), or BBB or higher by either S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”) or Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”)) or, if unrated, determined by the investment adviser to be of at least investment grade quality. The balance of net assets may be invested in municipal obligations rated below investment grade and in unrated municipal obligations considered to be of comparable quality by the investment adviser (“junk bonds”). For purposes of rating restrictions, if securities are rated differently by two or more rating agencies, the highest rating is used. The Fund will not invest in an obligation if the interest on that obligation is subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. With respect to 20% of its net assets, the Fund may invest in municipal obligations that are not exempt from regular federal income tax, direct obligations of the U.S. Treasury and/or obligations of U.S. Government agencies, instrumentalities and government-sponsored enterprises.

The Fund invests primarily in general obligation or revenue bonds. In pursuing its investment objective, the Fund seeks to weight investment in obligations such that at least 5% and not more than 15% of its net assets are invested in obligations with a final maturity in a year within the ten-to-twenty year maturity range (the “weighted investment strategy”). The Fund does not have a specific target for its average portfolio duration. When a municipal obligation has a final maturity of less than ten years, the Fund intends to sell that security within a year and reinvest the proceeds in obligations with longer maturities. With respect to the Fund’s weighted investment strategy, the Fund intends to invest at least 5% of its net assets in securities with a final maturity of 20 years within 90 days of the beginning of the calendar year. The Fund’s portfolio is “laddered” by investing in municipal obligations with different final maturities so that some obligations age out of the ten-to-twenty year maturity range during each year.

The investment adviser’s process for selecting obligations for purchase and sale emphasizes the creditworthiness of the issuer or other person obligated to repay the obligation and the relative value of the obligation in the market. In evaluating creditworthiness, the investment adviser considers ratings assigned by rating agencies and generally performs additional credit and investment analysis. The portfolio managers may also trade securities to seek to minimize capital gains to shareholders.

Principal Risks

Market Risk. The value of investments held by the Fund may increase or decrease in response to economic, political and financial events (whether real, expected or perceived) in the U.S. and global markets. The frequency and magnitude of such changes in value cannot be predicted. Certain securities and other investments held by the Fund may experience increased volatility, illiquidity, or other potentially adverse effects in reaction to changing market conditions. Actions taken by the U.S. Federal Reserve or foreign central banks to stimulate or stabilize economic growth, such as decreases or increases in short-term interest rates, could cause high volatility in markets. No active trading market may exist for certain investments, which may impair the ability of the Fund to sell or to realize the current valuation of such investments in the event of the need to liquidate such assets. Fixed-income markets may experience periods of relatively high volatility in an environment where U.S. treasury yields are rising.

Municipal Obligation Risk. The amount of public information available about municipal obligations is generally less than for corporate equities or bonds, meaning that the investment performance of municipal obligations may be more dependent on the analytical abilities of the investment adviser than stock or corporate bond investments. The secondary market for municipal obligations also tends to be less well-developed and less liquid than many other securities markets, which may limit the Fund’s ability to sell its municipal obligations at attractive prices. The differences between the price at which an obligation can be purchased and the price at which it can be sold may widen during periods of market

Eaton Vance TABS Laddered Municipal Bond Funds	8	Prospectus dated June 1, 2018
 
 

distress. Less liquid obligations can become more difficult to value and be subject to erratic price movements. The increased presence of nontraditional participants (such as proprietary trading desks of investment banks and hedge funds) or the absence of traditional participants (such as individuals, insurance companies, banks and life insurance companies) in the municipal markets may lead to greater volatility in the markets because non-traditional participants may trade more frequently or in greater volume.

Interest Rate Risk. In general, the value of income securities will fluctuate based on changes in interest rates. The value of these securities is likely to increase when interest rates fall and decline when interest rates rise. Generally, securities with longer maturities are more sensitive to changes in interest rates than shorter maturity securities, causing them to be more volatile. Conversely, fixed income securities with shorter maturities will be less volatile but may provide lower returns than fixed income securities with longer maturities. In a rising interest rate environment, the maturities of income securities that have the ability to be prepaid or called by the issuer may be extended. In a declining interest rate environment, the proceeds from prepaid or maturing instruments may have to be reinvested at a lower interest rate.

Credit Risk. Investments in municipal obligations and other debt obligations (referred to below as “debt instruments”) are subject to the risk of non-payment of scheduled principal and interest. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may reduce the capacity of the party obligated to make principal and interest payments on such instruments and may lead to defaults. Such non-payments and defaults may reduce the value of Fund shares and income distributions. The value of debt instruments also may decline because of concerns about the issuer’s ability to make principal and interest payments. In addition, the credit ratings of debt instruments may be lowered if the financial condition of the party obligated to make payments with respect to such instruments deteriorates. In order to enforce its rights in the event of a default, bankruptcy or similar situation, the Fund may be required to retain legal or similar counsel, which may increase the Fund’s operating expenses and adversely affect net asset value. Municipal obligations may be insured as to principal and interest payments. If the claims-paying ability or other rating of the insurer is downgraded by a rating agency, the value of such obligations may be negatively affected.

Lower Rated Investments Risk. Investments rated below investment grade and comparable unrated investments (sometimes referred to as “junk”) have speculative characteristics because of the credit risk associated with their issuers. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances typically have a greater effect on the ability of issuers of lower rated investments to make principal and interest payments than they do on issuers of higher rated investments. An economic downturn generally leads to a higher non-payment rate, and a lower rated investment may lose significant value before a default occurs. Lower rated investments typically are subject to greater price volatility and illiquidity than higher rated investments.

Risks of Principal Only Investments. Principal only investments entitle the Fund to receive the stated value of such investment when held to maturity. The values of principal only investments are subject to greater fluctuation in response to changes in market interest rates than obligations that pay interest currently. The Fund will accrue income on these investments and distribute that income each year. The Fund may be required to sell other investments to obtain cash needed for such income distributions.

U.S. Government Securities Risk. Although certain U.S. Government-sponsored agencies (such as the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and the Federal National Mortgage Association) may be chartered or sponsored by acts of Congress, their securities are neither issued nor guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury. U.S. Treasury securities generally have a lower return than other obligations because of their higher credit quality and market liquidity.

Tax Risk. Income from tax-exempt municipal obligations could be declared taxable because of changes in tax laws, adverse interpretations by the relevant taxing authority or the non-compliant conduct of the issuer of an obligation.

Risks Associated with Active Management. The success of the Fund’s investment strategy depends on portfolio management’s successful application of analytical skills and investment judgment. Active management involves subjective decisions.

General Fund Investing Risks. The Fund is not a complete investment program and there is no guarantee that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. It is possible to lose money by investing in the Fund. The Fund is designed to be a long-term investment vehicle and is not suited for short-term trading. Investors in the Fund should have a long-term investment perspective and be able to tolerate potentially sharp declines in value. Purchase and redemption activities by Fund shareholders may impact the management of the Fund and its ability to achieve its investment objective(s). In addition, the redemption by one or more large shareholders or groups of shareholders of their holdings in the Fund could have an adverse impact on the remaining shareholders in the Fund. An investment in the Fund is not a deposit in a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.

Eaton Vance TABS Laddered Municipal Bond Funds	9	Prospectus dated June 1, 2018
 
 

Performance

The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing changes in the Fund’s performance from year to year and how the Fund’s average annual returns over time compare with those of a broad-based securities market index. The returns in the bar chart are for Class A shares and do not reflect a sales charge. If the sales charge was reflected, the returns would be lower. Past performance (both before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. The Fund’s performance reflects the effects of expense reductions. Absent these reductions, performance would have been lower. Updated Fund performance information can be obtained by visiting www.eatonvance.com.



During the period from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2017, the highest quarterly total return for Class A was 4.08% for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, and the lowest quarterly return was -5.41% for the quarter ended December 31, 2016. The year-to-date total return through the end of the most recent calendar quarter (December 31, 2017 to March 31, 2018) was -1.71%.

Average Annual Total Return as of December 31, 2017	 	One Year	Life of Fund
Class A Return Before Taxes	 	2.36%	3.42%
Class A Return After Taxes on Distributions	 	2.33%	3.39%
Class A Return After Taxes on Distributions and the Sale of Class A Shares	 	2.35%	3.17%
Class C Return Before Taxes	 	5.65%	4.58%
Class I Return Before Taxes	 	7.71%	5.65%
Bloomberg Barclays 15 Year Municipal Bond Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)	 	6.94%	4.22%
These returns reflect the maximum sales charge for Class A (4.75%) and any applicable contingent deferred sales charge (“CDSC”) for Class C. Class A, Class C and Class I commenced operations on May 4, 2015. Investors cannot invest directly in an Index.

After-tax returns are calculated using the highest historical individual federal income tax rates and does not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and the actual characterization of distributions, and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to shareholders who hold shares in tax-deferred accounts or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns for other Classes of shares will vary from the after-tax returns presented for Class A shares. Return After Taxes on Distributions for a period may be the same as Return Before Taxes for that period because no taxable distributions were made during that period. Also, Return After Taxes on distributions and Sale of Fund Shares for a period may be greater than or equal to Return After Taxes on Distributions for the same period because of losses realized on the sale of Fund shares.

Management

Investment Adviser. Eaton Vance Management (“Eaton Vance”).

Portfolio Managers

The portfolio managers of the Fund are part of Eaton Vance’s Tax-Advantaged Bond Strategies (“TABS”) division.

James H. Evans, (lead portfolio manager) Vice President of Eaton Vance, has managed the Fund since its inception in May 2015.

Brian C. Barney, Vice President of Eaton Vance, has managed the Fund since its inception in May 2015.

Christopher J. Harshman, Vice President of Eaton Vance, has managed the Fund since its inception in May 2015.

For important information about purchase and sale of shares, taxes and financial intermediary compensation, please turn to “Important Information Regarding Fund Shares” on page 11 of this Prospectus.

Eaton Vance TABS Laddered Municipal Bond Funds	10	Prospectus dated June 1, 2018
 
 

Important Information Regarding Fund Shares

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

You may purchase, redeem or exchange Fund shares on any business day, which is any day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. You may purchase, redeem or exchange Fund shares either through your financial intermediary or (except for purchases of Class C shares by accounts with no specified financial intermediary) directly from a Fund either by writing to the Fund, P.O. Box 9653, Providence, RI 02940-9653, or by calling 1-800-262-1122. The minimum initial purchase or exchange into a Fund is $1,000 for each Class (with the exception of Class I) and $250,000 for Class I (waived in certain circumstances). There is no minimum for subsequent investments.

Tax Information

Each Fund’s distributions are expected to primarily be exempt from regular federal income tax. However, the Fund may also distribute taxable income to the extent that it invests in taxable municipal obligations or other obligations which generate taxable income. Distributions of any net realized gains are expected to be taxable.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase a Fund’s shares through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank) (collectively, “financial intermediaries”), the Fund, its principal underwriter and its affiliates may pay the financial intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the financial intermediary and your salesperson to recommend a Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.