Fidelity Contrafund
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary

Fund/Class:
Fidelity® Contrafund®/K

Investment Objective

The fund seeks capital appreciation.

Fee Table

The following table describes the fees and expenses that may be incurred when you buy and hold shares of the fund.

Shareholder fees

(fees paid directly from your investment) 	None 
Annual Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)

Management fee (fluctuates based on the fund's performance relative to a securities market index) 	 	0.60% 
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) fees 	 	None 
Other expenses 	 	0.05% 
Total annual operating expenses 	 	0.65% 
This example helps compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other funds.

Let's say, hypothetically, that the annual return for shares of the fund is 5% and that your shareholder fees and the annual operating expenses for shares of the fund are exactly as described in the fee table. This example illustrates the effect of fees and expenses, but is not meant to suggest actual or expected fees and expenses or returns, all of which may vary. For every $10,000 you invested, here's how much you would pay in total expenses if you sell all of your shares at the end of each time period indicated:

1 year 	$66 
3 years 	$208 
5 years 	$362 
10 years 	$810 
Portfolio Turnover

The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio turnover rate was 29% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Normally investing primarily in common stocks.
Investing in securities of companies whose value Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) believes is not fully recognized by the public.
Investing in domestic and foreign issuers.
Investing in either "growth" stocks or "value" stocks or both.
Using fundamental analysis of factors such as each issuer's financial condition and industry position, as well as market and economic conditions, to select investments.
Principal Investment Risks

Stock Market Volatility.  Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Different parts of the market, including different market sectors, and different types of securities can react differently to these developments.
Foreign Exposure.  Foreign markets can be more volatile than the U.S. market due to increased risks of adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments and can perform differently from the U.S. market.
Issuer-Specific Changes.  The value of an individual security or particular type of security can be more volatile than, and can perform differently from, the market as a whole.
An investment in the fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. You could lose money by investing in the fund.

Performance

The following information is intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the fund. The information illustrates the changes in the performance of the fund's shares from year to year and compares the performance of the fund's shares to the performance of a securities market index over various periods of time. The index description appears in the "Additional Index Information" section of the prospectus. Past performance is not an indication of future performance.

Visit www.401k.com and log in for more recent performance information.

Year-by-Year Returns



During the periods shown in the chart: 	Returns 	Quarter ended 
Highest Quarter Return 	15.00% 	March 31, 2012 
Lowest Quarter Return 	(11.61)% 	September 30, 2011 
Average Annual Returns

For the periods ended December 31, 2017 	Past 1 year 	Past 5 years 	Life of class(a) 
Class K 	32.34% 	16.54% 	10.03% 
S&P 500® Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes) 	21.83% 	15.79% 	9.37% 
(a)  From May 9, 2008

Investment Adviser

FMR (the Adviser) is the fund's manager. FMR Co., Inc. (FMRC) and other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund.

Portfolio Manager(s)

William Danoff (portfolio manager) has managed the fund since September 1990.

Purchase and Sale of Shares

Shares generally are available only to employer-sponsored retirement plans (including profit sharing, 401(k), 403(b), 457(b), and similar plans) for which Fidelity provides recordkeeping services or that already hold shares of the fund. Plan participants may purchase shares only if shares are eligible for sale and available through their plan. You may buy or sell shares in various ways:

Internet

www.401k.com

Phone

For Individual Accounts (investing through a retirement plan sponsor or other institution), refer to your plan materials or contact that institution directly.

For Retirement Plan Level Accounts:

Corporate Clients 1-800-962-1375

"Not for Profit" Clients 1-800-343-0860

Mail

Redemptions:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0035
Overnight Express:
Fidelity Investments
100 Crosby Parkway
Covington, KY 41015
TDD- Service for the Deaf and Hearing Impaired

1-800-544-0118

The price to buy one share is its net asset value per share (NAV). Shares will be bought at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The price to sell one share is its NAV. Shares will be sold at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is open.

There is no purchase minimum for Class K shares.

Tax Information

Distributions by the fund to tax-advantaged retirement plan accounts are not taxable currently (but you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

The fund, the Adviser, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC), and/or their affiliates may pay intermediaries, which may include banks, broker-dealers, retirement plan sponsors, administrators, or service-providers (who may be affiliated with the Adviser or FDC), for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing your intermediary and your investment professional to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your investment professional or visit your intermediary's web site for more information.