Fidelity Emerging Asia Fund
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary

Fund:
Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund
Investment Objective

The fund seeks capital appreciation.

Fee Table

The following table describes the fees and expenses that may be incurred when you buy and hold shares of the fund.

Shareholder fees

(fees paid directly from your investment) 	None 
Annual Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)

Management fee (fluctuates based on the fund's performance relative to a securities market index) 	 	0.74% 
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) fees 	 	None 
Other expenses 	 	0.28% 
Total annual operating expenses 	 	1.02% 
This example helps compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other funds.

Let's say, hypothetically, that the annual return for shares of the fund is 5% and that your shareholder fees and the annual operating expenses for shares of the fund are exactly as described in the fee table. This example illustrates the effect of fees and expenses, but is not meant to suggest actual or expected fees and expenses or returns, all of which may vary. For every $10,000 you invested, here's how much you would pay in total expenses if you sell all of your shares at the end of each time period indicated:

1 year 	$104 
3 years 	$325 
5 years 	$563 
10 years 	$1,248 
Portfolio Turnover

The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio turnover rate was 36% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Normally investing at least 80% of assets in securities of Asian emerging market issuers and other investments that are tied economically to Asian emerging markets.
Normally investing primarily in common stocks.
Allocating investments across different Asian countries with emerging markets.
Using fundamental analysis of factors such as each issuer's financial condition and industry position, as well as market and economic conditions, to select investments.
Principal Investment Risks

Stock Market Volatility.  Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Different parts of the market, including different market sectors, and different types of securities can react differently to these developments.
Foreign and Emerging Market Risk.  Foreign markets, particularly emerging markets, can be more volatile than the U.S. market due to increased risks of adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments and can perform differently from the U.S. market. Emerging markets can be subject to greater social, economic, regulatory, and political uncertainties and can be extremely volatile. Foreign exchange rates also can be extremely volatile.
Geographic Concentration in Asia.  Because the fund concentrates its investments in Asia, the fund's performance is expected to be closely tied to social, political, and economic conditions within Asia and to be more volatile than the performance of more geographically diversified funds.
Issuer-Specific Changes.  The value of an individual security or particular type of security can be more volatile than, and can perform differently from, the market as a whole.
An investment in the fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. You could lose money by investing in the fund.

Performance

The following information is intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the fund. The information illustrates the changes in the performance of the fund's shares from year to year and compares the performance of the fund's shares to the performance of a securities market index and an additional index over various periods of time. The indexes have characteristics relevant to the fund's investment strategies. Index descriptions appear in the "Additional Index Information" section of the prospectus. Prior to December 1, 2010, the fund operated under certain different investment policies and compared its performance to a different index. The fund's historical performance may not represent its current investment policies. Past performance (before and after taxes) is not an indication of future performance.

Visit www.fidelity.com for more recent performance information.

Year-by-Year Returns



During the periods shown in the chart: 	Returns 	Quarter ended 
Highest Quarter Return 	21.14% 	June 30, 2009 
Lowest Quarter Return 	(22.23)% 	September 30, 2011 
Year-to-Date Return 	(9.08)% 	September 30, 2018 
Average Annual Returns

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates, but do not reflect the impact of state or local taxes. Actual after-tax returns may differ depending on your individual circumstances. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant if you hold your shares in a retirement account or in another tax-deferred arrangement, such as an employee benefit plan (profit sharing, 401(k), or 403(b) plan).

For the periods ended December 31, 2017 	Past 1 year 	Past 5 years 	Past 10 years 
Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund 
Return Before Taxes 	46.36% 	9.57% 	2.78% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions 	46.18% 	9.51% 	2.62% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares 	26.61% 	7.72% 	2.25% 
MSCI AC (All Country) Asia ex Japan Index
(reflects no deduction for fees or expenses) 	41.73% 	7.97% 	3.92% 
Fidelity Emerging Asia Fund Linked Index℠
(reflects no deduction for fees or expenses) 	41.73% 	7.97% 	4.06% 
Investment Adviser

Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) (the Adviser) is the fund's manager. FMR Co., Inc. (FMRC), Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited (FMR H.K.), and other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund.

Portfolio Manager(s)

John Dance (portfolio manager) has managed the fund since September 2016.

Purchase and Sale of Shares

You may buy or sell shares through a Fidelity® brokerage or mutual fund account, through a retirement account, or through an investment professional. You may buy or sell shares in various ways:

Internet

www.fidelity.com

Phone

Fidelity Automated Service Telephone (FAST®) 1-800-544-5555

To reach a Fidelity representative 1-800-544-6666

Mail

Additional purchases:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0003
Redemptions:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0035
TDD- Service for the Deaf and Hearing Impaired

1-800-544-0118

The price to buy one share is its net asset value per share (NAV). Shares will be bought at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The price to sell one share is its NAV. Shares will be sold at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is open.

There is no purchase minimum for fund shares.

Tax Information

Distributions you receive from the fund are subject to federal income tax and generally will be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, and may also be subject to state or local taxes, unless you are investing through a tax-advantaged retirement account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

The fund, the Adviser, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC), and/or their affiliates may pay intermediaries, which may include banks, broker-dealers, retirement plan sponsors, administrators, or service-providers (who may be affiliated with the Adviser or FDC), for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing your intermediary and your investment professional to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your investment professional or visit your intermediary's web site for more information.