Fidelity GNMA Fund
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary

Fund:
Fidelity速 GNMA Fund
Investment Objective

The fund seeks a high level of current income consistent with prudent investment risk. In seeking current income, the fund may also consider the potential for capital gain.

Fee Table

The following table describes the fees and expenses that may be incurred when you buy and hold shares of the fund.

Shareholder fees

(fees paid directly from your investment) 	None 
Annual Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)

Management fee 	0.31% 
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) fees 	None 
Other expenses 	0.14% 
Total annual operating expenses 	0.45% 
This example helps compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other funds.

Let's say, hypothetically, that the annual return for shares of the fund is 5% and that your shareholder fees and the annual operating expenses for shares of the fund are exactly as described in the fee table. This example illustrates the effect of fees and expenses, but is not meant to suggest actual or expected fees and expenses or returns, all of which may vary. For every $10,000 you invested, here's how much you would pay in total expenses if you sell all of your shares at the end of each time period indicated:

1 year 	$46 
3 years 	$144 
5 years 	$252 
10 years 	$567 
Portfolio Turnover

The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio turnover rate was 252% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Normally investing at least 80% of assets in Ginnie Maes and repurchase agreements for Ginnie Maes.
Investing in other U.S. Government securities and instruments related to U.S. Government securities.
Investing in U.S. Government securities issued by entities that are chartered or sponsored by Congress but whose securities are neither issued nor guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury.
Managing the fund to have similar overall interest rate risk to the Bloomberg Barclays GNMA Index.
Allocating assets across different market sectors and maturities.
Analyzing the credit quality of the issuer, security-specific features, current and potential future valuation, and trading opportunities to select investments.
Engaging in transactions that have a leveraging effect on the fund, including investments in derivatives - such as swaps (interest rate, total return, and credit default), options, and futures contracts - and forward-settling securities, to adjust the fund's risk exposure.
Principal Investment Risks

Interest Rate Changes.  Interest rate increases can cause the price of a debt security to decrease.
Prepayment.  The ability of an issuer of a debt security to repay principal prior to a security's maturity can cause greater price volatility if interest rates change.
Issuer-Specific Changes.  The value of an individual security or particular type of security can be more volatile than, and can perform differently from, the market as a whole.
Leverage Risk.  Leverage can increase market exposure, magnify investment risks, and cause losses to be realized more quickly.
An investment in the fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Unlike individual debt securities, which typically pay principal at maturity, the value of an investment in the fund will fluctuate. You could lose money by investing in the fund.

Performance

The following information is intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the fund. The information illustrates the changes in the performance of the fund's shares from year to year and compares the performance of the fund's shares to the performance of a securities market index over various periods of time. The index description appears in the "Additional Index Information" section of the prospectus. Past performance (before and after taxes) is not an indication of future performance.

Visit www.fidelity.com for more recent performance information.

Year-by-Year Returns



During the periods shown in the chart: 	Returns 	Quarter ended 
Highest Quarter Return 	3.73% 	December 31, 2008 
Lowest Quarter Return 	(2.93)% 	June 30, 2013 
Year-to-Date Return 	(1.00)% 	June 30, 2018 
Average Annual Returns

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates, but do not reflect the impact of state or local taxes. Actual after-tax returns may differ depending on your individual circumstances. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant if you hold your shares in a retirement account or in another tax-deferred arrangement, such as an employee benefit plan (profit sharing, 401(k), or 403(b) plan). Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares may be higher than other returns for the same period due to a tax benefit of realizing a capital loss upon the sale of fund shares.

For the periods ended December 31, 2017 	Past 1 year 	Past 5 years 	Past 10 years 
Fidelity速 GNMA Fund 
Return Before Taxes 	1.74% 	1.70% 	4.01% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions 	0.81% 	0.74% 	2.69% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares 	0.98% 	0.88% 	2.62% 
Bloomberg Barclays GNMA Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes) 	1.86% 	1.70% 	3.84% 
Investment Adviser

Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) (the Adviser) is the fund's manager. Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. (FIMM) and other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund.

Portfolio Manager(s)

Franco Castagliuolo (co-manager) has managed the fund since December 2009.

Sean Corcoran (co-manager) has managed the fund since December 2017.

Purchase and Sale of Shares

You may buy or sell shares through a Fidelity速 brokerage or mutual fund account, through a retirement account, or through an investment professional. You may buy or sell shares in various ways:

Internet

www.fidelity.com

Phone

Fidelity Automated Service Telephone (FAST速) 1-800-544-5555

To reach a Fidelity representative 1-800-544-6666

Mail

Additional purchases:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0003
Redemptions:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0035
TDD- Service for the Deaf and Hearing Impaired

1-800-544-0118

The price to buy one share is its net asset value per share (NAV). Shares will be bought at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The price to sell one share is its NAV. Shares will be sold at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is open.

The fund has no minimum investment requirement.

There is no purchase minimum for fund shares.

Tax Information

Distributions you receive from the fund are subject to federal income tax and generally will be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, and may also be subject to state or local taxes, unless you are investing through a tax-advantaged retirement account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

The fund, the Adviser, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC), and/or their affiliates may pay intermediaries, which may include banks, broker-dealers, retirement plan sponsors, administrators, or service-providers (who may be affiliated with the Adviser or FDC), for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing your intermediary and your investment professional to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your investment professional or visit your intermediary's web site for more information.