Fidelity Municipal Income 2023 Fund
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary

Fund/Class:
Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund/Fidelity Advisor® Municipal Income 2023 Fund A, I

Investment Objective

The fund seeks as high a level of current income, exempt from federal income tax, as is consistent with the preservation of capital.

Fee Table

The following table describes the fees and expenses that may be incurred when you buy and hold shares of the fund. In addition to the fees and expenses described below, your broker may also require you to pay brokerage commissions on purchases and sales of certain share classes of the fund.

You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in the fund or certain other Fidelity® funds. More information about these and other discounts is available from your investment professional and in the "Fund Distribution" section beginning on page 50 of the prospectus. Different intermediaries may provide additional waivers or reductions of the sales charge. Please see “Sales Charge Waiver Policies Applied by Certain Intermediaries” in the “Appendix” section of the prospectus.

Shareholder fees

(fees paid directly from your investment)

 	Class A 	Class I 
Maximum sales charge (load) on purchases (as a % of offering price) 	2.75% 	None 
Maximum contingent deferred sales charge (as a % of the lesser of original purchase price or redemption proceeds) 	None(a) 	None 
(a)  Purchases of $250,000 or more will not be subject to a front-end sales charge, but may be subject to a 0.50% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) if the intermediary firm has elected an upfront finder's fee at the time the shares are purchased, or a 0.75% CDSC if the shares purchased are recordkept in a Fidelity Advisor® 401(k) Retirement Plan.

Annual Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)

 	Class A 	Class I 
Management fee 	0.30% 	0.30% 
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) fees 	0.25% 	None 
Other expenses 	0.10% 	0.10% 
Total annual operating expenses 	0.65% 	0.40% 
This example helps compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other funds.

Let's say, hypothetically, that the annual return for shares of the fund is 5% and that your shareholder fees and the annual operating expenses for shares of the fund are exactly as described in the fee table. This example illustrates the effect of fees and expenses, but is not meant to suggest actual or expected fees and expenses or returns, all of which may vary. For every $10,000 you invested, here's how much you would pay in total expenses if you sell all of your shares at the end of each time period indicated:

 	Class A 	Class I 
1 year 	$340 	$41 
3 years 	$477 	$128 
5 years 	$627 	$224 
10 years 	$1,063 	$505 
Portfolio Turnover

The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio turnover rate was 12% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Normally investing at least 80% of assets in investment-grade municipal securities whose interest is exempt from federal income tax (but may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax).
Managing the fund to have similar overall interest rate risk compared to a customized municipal bond index representing Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR)'s view of the performance of the fund’s competitive universe.
Allocating assets across different market sectors and maturities.
Potentially investing more than 25% of total assets in municipal securities that finance similar types of projects.
Analyzing the credit quality of the issuer, security-specific features, current and potential future valuation, and trading opportunities to select investments.
Liquidating shortly after the fund's target end-date of June 30, 2023.
Principal Investment Risks

Municipal Market Volatility.  The municipal market is volatile and can be significantly affected by adverse tax, legislative, or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities.
Interest Rate Changes.  Interest rate increases can cause the price of a debt security to decrease.
Issuer-Specific Changes.  The value of an individual security or particular type of security can be more volatile than, and can perform differently from, the market as a whole. A decline in the credit quality of an issuer or a provider of credit support or a maturity-shortening structure for a security can cause the price of a security to decrease.
Declining Yield Risk.  As the fund approaches its liquidation date, the fund's securities will mature and the fund may reinvest the proceeds in money market securities with lower yields than the securities previously held by the fund.
Fluctuation of Yield & Liquidation Amount Risk.  The amount of the fund's income distributions will vary over time, and the breakdown of returns between fund distributions and liquidation proceeds will not be predictable at the time of your investment, and you may experience a gain or loss for tax purposes.
An investment in the fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Unlike individual debt securities, which typically pay principal at maturity, the value of an investment in the fund will fluctuate. You could lose money by investing in the fund.

Performance

The following information is intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the fund. The information illustrates the changes in the performance of the fund's shares from year to year and compares the performance of the fund's shares to the performance of a securities market index and an additional index over various periods of time. The indexes have characteristics relevant to the fund's investment strategies. Index descriptions appear in the "Additional Index Information" section of the prospectus. Past performance (before and after taxes) is not an indication of future performance.

Visit institutional.fidelity.com for more recent performance information.

Year-by-Year Returns

The returns in the bar chart do not reflect any applicable sales charges; if sales charges were reflected, returns would be lower than those shown.



During the periods shown in the chart for Class A: 	Returns 	Quarter ended 
Highest Quarter Return 	3.65% 	March 31, 2014 
Lowest Quarter Return 	(4.66)% 	December 31, 2016 
Year-to-Date Return 	(0.31)% 	June 30, 2018 
Average Annual Returns

Unlike the returns in the bar chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges. After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates, but do not reflect the impact of state or local taxes. After-tax returns for Class A are shown in the table below and after-tax returns for other classes will vary. Actual after-tax returns may differ depending on your individual circumstances. Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares may be higher than other returns for the same period due to a tax benefit of realizing a capital loss upon the sale of fund shares.

For the periods ended December 31, 2017 	Past 1 year 	Life of class(a) 
Class A - Return Before Taxes 	1.27% 	1.71% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions 	1.27% 	1.70% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares 	1.49% 	1.73% 
Class I - Return Before Taxes 	4.39% 	2.57% 
Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes) 	5.45% 	2.97% 
Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond 2023 Index Ex Tobacco/Prepaid Gas
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes) 	4.32% 	2.35% 
(a)  From April 23, 2013

Investment Adviser

FMR (the Adviser) is the fund's manager. Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. (FIMM) and other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund.

Portfolio Manager(s)

Kevin Ramundo (co-manager) and Mark Sommer (co-manager) have managed the fund since April 2013.

Cormac Cullen (co-manager) has managed the fund since May 2016.

Elizah McLaughlin (co-manager) has managed the fund since September 2018.

It is expected that Mr. Sommer will retire from Fidelity at the end of 2018 and will no longer manage the fund at that time.

Purchase and Sale of Shares

You may buy or sell shares through an investment professional. You may buy or sell shares in various ways:

Internet

institutional.fidelity.com

Phone

To reach a Fidelity representative 1-877-208-0098

Mail

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770002
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0081
Overnight Express:
Fidelity Investments
100 Crosby Parkway
Covington, KY 41015
Class I eligibility requirements are listed in the "Additional Information about the Purchase and Sale of Shares" section of the prospectus.

The price to buy one share of Class A is its offering price, if you pay a front-end sales charge, or its net asset value per share (NAV), if you qualify for a front-end sales charge waiver. The price to buy one share of Class I is its NAV. Shares will be bought at the offering price or NAV, as applicable, next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The price to sell one share of Class A is its NAV, minus any applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC). The price to sell one share of Class I is its NAV. Shares will be sold at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form, minus any applicable CDSC.

The fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is open.

There is no purchase minimum for Class A or Class I shares.

Tax Information

The fund seeks to earn income and pay dividends exempt from federal income tax. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. A portion of the dividends you receive may be subject to federal and state income taxes and may also be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. You may also receive taxable distributions attributable to the fund's sale of municipal bonds.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

The fund, the Adviser, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC), and/or their affiliates may pay intermediaries, which may include banks, broker-dealers, retirement plan sponsors, administrators, or service-providers (who may be affiliated with the Adviser or FDC), for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing your intermediary and your investment professional to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your investment professional or visit your intermediary's web site for more information.