Fidelity ZERO Large Cap Index Fund
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary

Fund:
Fidelity ZERO℠ Large Cap Index Fund
Investment Objective

The fund seeks to provide investment results that correspond to the total return of stocks of large-capitalization U.S. companies.

Fee Table

The following table describes the fees and expenses that may be incurred when you buy and hold shares of the fund.

Shareholder fees

(fees paid directly from your investment) 	None 
Annual Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)

Management fee  	 	0.00% 
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) fees 	 	None 
Other expenses(a) 	 	0.00% 
Total annual operating expenses 	 	0.00% 
(a)  Based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year.

This example helps compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other funds.

Let's say, hypothetically, that the annual return for shares of the fund is 5% and that your shareholder fees and the annual operating expenses for shares of the fund are exactly as described in the fee table. This example illustrates the effect of fees and expenses, but is not meant to suggest actual or expected fees and expenses or returns, all of which may vary. For every $10,000 you invested, here's how much you would pay in total expenses if you sell all of your shares at the end of each time period indicated:

1 year 	$0 
3 years 	$0 
Portfolio Turnover

The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund's performance.

Principal Investment Strategies

Normally investing at least 80% of assets in common stocks of large capitalization companies included in the Fidelity U.S. Large Cap Index℠, which is a float-adjusted market capitalization-weighted index designed to reflect the performance of U.S. large capitalization stocks. Large capitalization stocks are considered to be stocks of the largest 500 U.S. companies based on float-adjusted market capitalization.
Using statistical sampling techniques based on such factors as capitalization, industry exposures, dividend yield, price/earnings (P/E) ratio, price/book (P/B) ratio, and earnings growth to attempt to replicate the returns of the Fidelity U.S. Large Cap Index℠ using a smaller number of securities.
Lending securities to earn income for the fund.
Principal Investment Risks

Stock Market Volatility.  Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Different parts of the market, including different market sectors, and different types of securities can react differently to these developments.
Issuer-Specific Changes.  The value of an individual security or particular type of security can be more volatile than, and can perform differently from, the market as a whole. Changes in the financial condition of an issuer or counterparty (e.g., broker-dealer or other borrower in a securities lending transaction) can increase the risk of default by an issuer or counterparty, which can affect a security's or instrument's value or result in delays in recovering securities and/or capital from a counterparty.
Correlation to Index.  The performance of the fund and its index may vary somewhat due to factors such as fees and expenses of the fund, transaction costs, sample selection, regulatory restrictions, and timing differences associated with additions to and deletions from its index.
Passive Management Risk.  The fund is managed with a passive investment strategy, attempting to track the performance of an unmanaged index of securities, regardless of the current or projected performance of the fund’s index or of the actual securities included in the index. This differs from an actively managed fund, which typically seeks to outperform a benchmark index. As a result, the fund’s performance could be lower than actively managed funds that may shift their portfolio assets to take advantage of market opportunities or lessen the impact of a market decline or a decline in the value of one or more issuers.
Securities Lending Risk.  Securities lending involves the risk that the borrower may fail to return the securities loaned in a timely manner or at all. If the borrower defaults on its obligation to return the securities loaned because of insolvency or other reasons, a fund could experience delays and costs in recovering the securities loaned or in gaining access to the collateral.
An investment in the fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. You could lose money by investing in the fund.

Performance

Performance history will be available for the fund after the fund has been in operation for one calendar year.

Investment Adviser

FMR Co., Inc. (FMRC) (the Adviser), an affiliate of Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR), is the fund's manager. Geode Capital Management, LLC (Geode) serves as a sub-adviser for the fund.

Portfolio Manager(s)

Louis Bottari (lead portfolio manager) has managed the fund since September 2018.

Robert Regan (co-manager) has managed the fund since September 2018.

Purchase and Sale of Shares

Shares of the fund are available only to individual retail investors who purchase their shares through a Fidelity brokerage account, including retail non-retirement accounts, retail retirement accounts (traditional, Roth and SEP Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs)), health savings accounts (HSAs), and stock plan services accounts. You may buy or sell shares in various ways:

Internet

www.fidelity.com

Phone

Fidelity Automated Service Telephone (FAST®) 1-800-544-5555

To reach a Fidelity representative 1-800-544-6666

Mail

Additional purchases:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0003
Redemptions:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0035
TDD- Service for the Deaf and Hearing Impaired

1-800-544-0118

The price to buy one share is its net asset value per share (NAV). Shares will be bought at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The price to sell one share is its NAV. Shares will be sold at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is open.

There is no purchase minimum for shares of the fund offered in this prospectus.

The fund may impose a purchase maximum on shareholders that would limit the ability of shareholders to purchase fund shares if their total purchases or account balance exceeds a dollar threshold.

Tax Information

Distributions you receive from the fund are subject to federal income tax and generally will be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, and may also be subject to state or local taxes, unless you are investing through a tax-advantaged retirement account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

The Adviser, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC), and/or their affiliates may pay intermediaries, which may include banks, broker-dealers, retirement plan sponsors, administrators, or service-providers (who may be affiliated with the Adviser or FDC), for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing your intermediary and your investment professional to recommend the fund over another investment. Currently, the Board of Trustees of the fund has not authorized such payments for shares of the fund. Ask your investment professional or visit your intermediary's web site for more information.