Fidelity Advisor Series Equity Value Fund
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary

Fund:
Fidelity Advisor速 Series Equity Value Fund
Investment Objective

The fund seeks capital appreciation.

Fee Table

The following table describes the fees and expenses that may be incurred when you buy and hold shares of the fund.

Shareholder fees

(fees paid directly from your investment) 	None 
Annual Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)

Management fee(a) 	 	None 
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) fees 	 	None 
Other expenses(a) 	 	0.00% 
Acquired fund fees and expenses 	 	0.02% 
Total annual operating expenses(b) 	 	0.02% 
(a)   Adjusted to reflect current fees.

(b)   Differs from the ratios of expenses to average net assets in the Financial Highlights section of the prospectus because of acquired fund fees and expenses. As a result, the total annual operating expenses after fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement in the fee table exceed the contractual expense limitation of the fund.

This example helps compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other funds.

Let's say, hypothetically, that the annual return for shares of the fund is 5% and that your shareholder fees and the annual operating expenses for shares of the fund are exactly as described in the fee table. This example illustrates the effect of fees and expenses, but is not meant to suggest actual or expected fees and expenses or returns, all of which may vary. For every $10,000 you invested, here's how much you would pay in total expenses if you sell all of your shares at the end of each time period indicated:

1 year 	$2 
3 years 	$6 
5 years 	$11 
10 years 	$26 
Portfolio Turnover

The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio turnover rate was 82% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Normally investing at least 80% of assets in equity securities.
Normally investing primarily in common stocks.
Investing in securities of companies that Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) believes are undervalued in the marketplace in relation to factors such as assets, sales, earnings, growth potential, or cash flow, or in relation to securities of other companies in the same industry (stocks of these companies are often called "value" stocks).
Investing in domestic and foreign issuers.
Using fundamental analysis of factors such as each issuer's financial condition and industry position, as well as market and economic conditions, to select investments.
Principal Investment Risks

Stock Market Volatility.  Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Different parts of the market, including different market sectors, and different types of securities can react differently to these developments.
Foreign Exposure.  Foreign markets can be more volatile than the U.S. market due to increased risks of adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments and can perform differently from the U.S. market.
Issuer-Specific Changes.  The value of an individual security or particular type of security can be more volatile than, and can perform differently from, the market as a whole.
"Value" Investing.  "Value" stocks can perform differently from the market as a whole and other types of stocks and can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.
An investment in the fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. You could lose money by investing in the fund.

Performance

The following information is intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the fund. The information illustrates the changes in the performance of the fund's shares from year to year and compares the performance of the fund's shares to the performance of a securities market index over various periods of time. The index description appears in the "Additional Index Information" section of the prospectus. Past performance (before and after taxes) is not an indication of future performance.

Visit institutional.fidelity.com for more recent performance information.

Year-by-Year Returns



During the periods shown in the chart: 	Returns 	Quarter ended 
Highest Quarter Return 	11.75% 	March 31, 2013 
Lowest Quarter Return 	(8.74)% 	September 30, 2015 
Average Annual Returns

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates, but do not reflect the impact of state or local taxes. Actual after-tax returns may differ depending on your individual circumstances. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant if you hold your shares in a retirement account or in another tax-deferred arrangement, such as an employee benefit plan (profit sharing, 401(k), or 403(b) plan).

For the periods ended December 31, 2017 	Past 1 year 	Past 5 years 	Life of fund(a) 
Fidelity Advisor速 Series Equity Value Fund 
Return Before Taxes 	11.61% 	12.56% 	12.39% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions 	8.76% 	10.64% 	10.49% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares 	8.70% 	9.63% 	9.50% 
Russell 3000速 Value Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes) 	13.19% 	13.95% 	14.15% 
(a)  From December 6, 2012

Investment Adviser

Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) (the Adviser) is the fund's manager. FMR Co., Inc. (FMRC) and other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund.

Portfolio Manager(s)

Sean Gavin (portfolio manager) has managed the fund since April 2017.

Purchase and Sale of Shares

Shares are offered only to certain other Fidelity速 funds.

The price to sell one share is its net asset value per share (NAV). Shares will be sold at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is open.

The fund has no minimum investment requirement.

Tax Information

Distributions you receive from the fund are subject to federal income tax and generally will be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, and may also be subject to state or local taxes, unless you are investing through a tax-advantaged retirement account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

The fund, the Adviser, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC), and/or their affiliates may pay intermediaries, which may include banks, broker-dealers, retirement plan sponsors, administrators, or service-providers (who may be affiliated with the Adviser or FDC), for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing your intermediary and your investment professional to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your investment professional or visit your intermediary's web site for more information.