Fidelity Global Equity Income Fund
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary

Fund:
Fidelity速 Global Equity Income Fund
Investment Objective

The fund seeks reasonable income. In pursuing this objective, the fund will also consider the potential for capital appreciation.

Fee Table

The following table describes the fees and expenses that may be incurred when you buy and hold shares of the fund.

Shareholder fees

(fees paid directly from your investment) 	None 
Annual Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)

Management fee 	 	0.69% 
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) fees 	 	None 
Other expenses 	 	0.37% 
Total annual operating expenses 	 	1.06% 
This example helps compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other funds.

Let's say, hypothetically, that the annual return for shares of the fund is 5% and that your shareholder fees and the annual operating expenses for shares of the fund are exactly as described in the fee table. This example illustrates the effect of fees and expenses, but is not meant to suggest actual or expected fees and expenses or returns, all of which may vary. For every $10,000 you invested, here's how much you would pay in total expenses if you sell all of your shares at the end of each time period indicated:

1 year 	$108 
3 years 	$337 
5 years 	$585 
10 years 	$1,294 
Portfolio Turnover

The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio turnover rate was 34% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Investing in securities issued throughout the world.
Normally investing at least 80% of assets in equity securities.
Normally investing primarily in income-producing equity securities.
Seeking to exceed the yield on the MSCI ACWI (All Country World Index) Index (the Index).
Potentially investing in other types of equity securities and debt securities, including lower-quality debt securities (those of less than investment-grade quality, also referred to as high yield debt securities or junk bonds).
Allocating investments across different countries and regions.
Using fundamental analysis of factors such as each issuer's financial condition and industry position, as well as market and economic conditions, to select investments.
Principal Investment Risks

Stock Market Volatility.  Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Different parts of the market, including different market sectors, and different types of securities can react differently to these developments.
Interest Rate Changes.  Interest rate increases can cause the price of a debt security to decrease.
Foreign Exposure.  Foreign markets, particularly emerging markets, can be more volatile than the U.S. market due to increased risks of adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments and can perform differently from the U.S. market. Emerging markets can be subject to greater social, economic, regulatory, and political uncertainties and can be extremely volatile. Foreign exchange rates also can be extremely volatile.
Issuer-Specific Changes.  The value of an individual security or particular type of security can be more volatile than, and can perform differently from, the market as a whole. Lower-quality debt securities (those of less than investment-grade quality, also referred to as high yield debt securities or junk bonds) and certain types of other securities involve greater risk of default or price changes due to changes in the credit quality of the issuer. The value of lower-quality debt securities and certain types of other securities can be more volatile due to increased sensitivity to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.
"Value" Investing.  "Value" stocks can perform differently from the market as a whole and other types of stocks and can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.
An investment in the fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. You could lose money by investing in the fund.

Performance

The following information is intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the fund. The information illustrates the changes in the performance of the fund's shares from year to year and compares the performance of the fund's shares to the performance of a securities market index over various periods of time. The index description appears in the "Additional Index Information" section of the prospectus. Past performance (before and after taxes) is not an indication of future performance.

Visit www.fidelity.com for more recent performance information.

Year-by-Year Returns



During the periods shown in the chart: 	Returns 	Quarter ended 
Highest Quarter Return 	8.10% 	December 31, 2013 
Lowest Quarter Return 	(8.36)% 	September 30, 2015 
Year-to-Date Return 	0.86% 	September 30, 2018 
Average Annual Returns

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates, but do not reflect the impact of state or local taxes. Actual after-tax returns may differ depending on your individual circumstances. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant if you hold your shares in a retirement account or in another tax-deferred arrangement, such as an employee benefit plan (profit sharing, 401(k), or 403(b) plan).

For the periods ended December 31, 2017 	Past 1 year 	Past 5 years 	Life of fund(a) 
Fidelity速 Global Equity Income Fund 
Return Before Taxes 	22.05% 	11.46% 	10.87% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions 	21.44% 	10.48% 	9.97% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares 	13.13% 	9.02% 	8.61% 
MSCI ACWI (All Country World Index) Index
(reflects no deduction for fees or expenses) 	24.46% 	11.23% 	10.86% 
(a)  From May 2, 2012

Investment Adviser

Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) (the Adviser) is the fund's manager. FMR Co., Inc. (FMRC) and other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund.

Portfolio Manager(s)

Ramona Persaud (portfolio manager) has managed the fund since May 2012.

Purchase and Sale of Shares

You may buy or sell shares through a Fidelity速 brokerage or mutual fund account, through a retirement account, or through an investment professional. You may buy or sell shares in various ways:

Internet

www.fidelity.com

Phone

Fidelity Automated Service Telephone (FAST速) 1-800-544-5555

To reach a Fidelity representative 1-800-544-6666

Mail

Additional purchases:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0003
Redemptions:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0035
TDD- Service for the Deaf and Hearing Impaired

1-800-544-0118

The price to buy one share is its net asset value per share (NAV). Shares will be bought at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The price to sell one share is its NAV. Shares will be sold at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is open.

There is no purchase minimum for fund shares.

Tax Information

Distributions you receive from the fund are subject to federal income tax and generally will be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, and may also be subject to state or local taxes, unless you are investing through a tax-advantaged retirement account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

The fund, the Adviser, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC), and/or their affiliates may pay intermediaries, which may include banks, broker-dealers, retirement plan sponsors, administrators, or service-providers (who may be affiliated with the Adviser or FDC), for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing your intermediary and your investment professional to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your investment professional or visit your intermediary's web site for more information.