Fidelity Advisor Freedom 2050 Fund
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary

Fund/Class:
Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund/Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund

Investment Objective

The fund seeks high total return until its target retirement date. Thereafter the fund's objective will be to seek high current income and, as a secondary objective, capital appreciation.

Fee Table

The following table describes the fees and expenses that may be incurred when you buy and hold shares of the fund.

Shareholder fees

(fees paid directly from your investment) 	None 
Annual Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)

Management fee(a) 	 	0.75% 
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) fees 	 	None 
Other expenses(a) 	 	0.00% 
Total annual operating expenses(a) 	 	0.75% 
(a)   Adjusted to reflect current fees.

This example helps compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other funds.

Let's say, hypothetically, that the annual return for shares of the fund is 5% and that your shareholder fees and the annual operating expenses for shares of the fund are exactly as described in the fee table. This example illustrates the effect of fees and expenses, but is not meant to suggest actual or expected fees and expenses or returns, all of which may vary. For every $10,000 you invested, here's how much you would pay in total expenses if you sell all of your shares at the end of each time period indicated:

1 year 	$76 
3 years 	$238 
5 years 	$415 
10 years 	$926 
Portfolio Turnover

The fund will not incur transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells shares of underlying Fidelity® funds (or "turns over" its portfolio), but it could incur transaction costs if it were to buy and sell other types of securities directly. If the fund were to buy and sell other types of securities directly, a higher portfolio turnover rate could indicate higher transaction costs and could result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. Such costs, if incurred, would not be reflected in annual operating expenses or in the example and would affect the fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio turnover rate was 16% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Investing in a combination of Fidelity® domestic equity funds, international equity funds (developed and emerging markets), bond funds, and short-term funds (underlying Fidelity® funds).
Allocating assets according to a neutral asset allocation strategy shown in the glide path below that becomes increasingly conservative until it reaches an allocation similar to that of the Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund, approximately 10 to 19 years after the year 2050 (approximately 17% in domestic equity funds, 7% in international equity funds, 46% in bond funds, and 30% in short-term funds).
Buying and selling futures contracts (both long and short positions) in an effort to manage cash flows efficiently, remain fully invested, or facilitate asset allocation.
FMR Co., Inc. (FMRC) may continue to seek high total return for several years beyond the fund's target retirement date in an effort to achieve the fund's overall investment objective.

As of March 31, 2018, the fund's neutral asset allocation to underlying Fidelity® funds and futures was approximately:
   	Domestic Equity Funds* 	63% 
   	International Equity Funds* 	27% 
   	Bond Funds* 	10% 
 	Short-Term Funds* 	0% 

* FMRC may change these percentages over time. As a result of the active asset allocation strategy (discussed below), actual allocations may differ from the neutral allocations above. The allocation percentages may not add to 100% due to rounding.

FMRC may use an active asset allocation strategy to increase or decrease neutral asset class exposures reflected above by up to 10% for equity funds (includes domestic equity and international equity funds), bond funds and short-term funds to reflect FMRC's market outlook, which is primarily focused on the intermediate term. The asset allocations in the glide path and pie chart above are referred to as neutral because they do not reflect any decisions made by FMRC to overweight or underweight an asset class.
FMRC may also make active asset allocations within other asset classes (including commodities, high yield debt, floating rate debt, real estate debt, inflation-protected debt, and emerging markets debt) from 0% to 10% individually but no more than 25% in aggregate within those other asset classes. Such asset classes are not reflected in the neutral asset allocations reflected in the glide path and pie chart above.
Designed for investors who anticipate retiring in or within a few years of 2050 (target retirement date) at or around age 65 and plan to gradually withdraw the value of their account in the fund over time.
Principal Investment Risks

Shareholders should consider that no target date fund is intended as a complete retirement program and there is no guarantee that any single fund will provide sufficient retirement income at or through your retirement. The fund's share price fluctuates, which means you could lose money by investing in the fund, including losses near, at or after the target retirement date.

Asset Allocation Risk.  The fund is subject to risks resulting from the Adviser's asset allocation decisions. The selection of underlying funds and the allocation of the fund's assets among various asset classes could cause the fund to lose value or its results to lag relevant benchmarks or other funds with similar objectives. In addition, the fund's active asset allocation strategy may cause the fund to have a risk profile different than that portrayed above from time to time and may increase losses.
Investing in Other Funds.  The fund bears all risks of investment strategies employed by the underlying funds, including the risk that the underlying funds will not meet their investment objectives.
Stock Market Volatility.  Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Different parts of the market, including different market sectors, and different types of securities can react differently to these developments.
Interest Rate Changes.  Interest rate increases can cause the price of a debt or money market security to decrease.
Foreign Exposure.  Foreign markets, particularly emerging markets, can be more volatile than the U.S. market due to increased risks of adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments and can perform differently from the U.S. market. Emerging markets can be subject to greater social, economic, regulatory, and political uncertainties and can be extremely volatile. Foreign exchange rates also can be extremely volatile.
Industry Exposure.  Market conditions, interest rates, and economic, regulatory, or financial developments could significantly affect a single industry or group of related industries.
Issuer-Specific Changes.  The value of an individual security or particular type of security can be more volatile than, and can perform differently from, the market as a whole. Lower-quality debt securities (those of less than investment-grade quality, also referred to as high yield debt securities or junk bonds) and certain types of other securities involve greater risk of default or price changes due to changes in the credit quality of the issuer. The value of lower-quality debt securities and certain types of other securities can be more volatile due to increased sensitivity to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.
Leverage Risk.  Leverage can increase market exposure, magnify investment risks, and cause losses to be realized more quickly.
"Growth" Investing.  "Growth" stocks can perform differently from the market as a whole and other types of stocks and can be more volatile than other types of stocks.
"Value" Investing.  "Value" stocks can perform differently from the market as a whole and other types of stocks and can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.
Commodity-Linked Investing.  The value of commodities and commodity-linked investments may be affected by the performance of the overall commodities markets as well as weather, political, tax, and other regulatory and market developments. Commodity-linked investments may be more volatile and less liquid than the underlying commodity, instruments, or measures.
An investment in the fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. You could lose money by investing in the fund.

Performance

The following information is intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the fund. The information illustrates the changes in the performance of the fund's shares from year to year and compares the performance of the fund's shares to the performance of a securities market index and a hypothetical composite of market indexes over various periods of time. The indexes have characteristics relevant to the fund's investment strategies. Index descriptions appear in the "Additional Index Information" section of the prospectus. Prior to June 1, 2017, the fund operated under a different pricing structure. The fund’s historical performance prior to June 1, 2017 does not reflect the fund’s current pricing structure. Past performance (before and after taxes) is not an indication of future performance.

Visit www.fidelity.com for more recent performance information.

Year-by-Year Returns



During the periods shown in the chart: 	Returns 	Quarter ended 
Highest Quarter Return 	19.11% 	June 30, 2009 
Lowest Quarter Return 	(23.40)% 	December 31, 2008 
Year-to-Date Return 	(0.25)% 	March 31, 2018 
Average Annual Returns

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates, but do not reflect the impact of state or local taxes. Actual after-tax returns may differ depending on your individual circumstances. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant if you hold your shares in a retirement account or in another tax-deferred arrangement, such as an employee benefit plan (profit sharing, 401(k), or 403(b) plan).

For the periods ended December 31, 2017 	Past 1 year 	Past 5 years 	Past 10 years 
Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund 
Return Before Taxes 	22.28% 	11.30% 	5.31% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions 	21.05% 	9.54% 	4.09% 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares 	13.44% 	8.52% 	3.85% 
S&P 500® Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes) 	21.83% 	15.79% 	8.50% 
Fidelity Freedom 2050 Composite Index℠
(reflects no deduction for fees or expenses) 	20.95% 	12.05% 	6.60% 
Investment Adviser

FMRC (the Adviser), an affiliate of Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR), is the fund's manager.

Portfolio Manager(s)

Andrew Dierdorf (co-manager) has managed the fund since June 2011.

Brett Sumsion (co-manager) has managed the fund since January 2014.

Purchase and Sale of Shares

You may buy or sell shares through a Fidelity® brokerage or mutual fund account, through a retirement account, or through an investment professional. You may buy or sell shares in various ways:

Internet

www.fidelity.com

Phone

Fidelity Automated Service Telephone (FAST®) 1-800-544-5555

To reach a Fidelity representative 1-800-544-6666

Mail

Additional purchases:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0003
Redemptions:

Fidelity Investments
P.O. Box 770001
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0035
TDD- Service for the Deaf and Hearing Impaired

1-800-544-0118

The price to buy one share is its net asset value per share (NAV). Shares will be bought at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The price to sell one share is its NAV. Shares will be sold at the NAV next calculated after an order is received in proper form.

The fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is open.

Initial Purchase Minimum 	$2,500 
For Fidelity® Simplified Employee Pension-IRA, Keogh, and Investment Only Retirement accounts 	$500 
Through regular investment plans in Fidelity® Traditional IRAs, Roth IRAs, and Rollover IRAs (requires monthly purchases of $200 until fund balance is $2,500) 	$200 
The fund may waive or lower purchase minimums in other circumstances.

Tax Information

Distributions you receive from the fund are subject to federal income tax and generally will be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, and may also be subject to state or local taxes, unless you are investing through a tax-advantaged retirement account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

The fund, the Adviser, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC), and/or their affiliates may pay intermediaries, which may include banks, broker-dealers, retirement plan sponsors, administrators, or service-providers (who may be affiliated with the Adviser or FDC), for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing your intermediary and your investment professional to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your investment professional or visit your intermediary's web site for more information.