Franklin LibertyQ International Equity Hedged ETF
<head_breaker>

Franklin LibertyQ International Equity Hedged ETF

Investment Goal

To seek to provide investment results that closely correspond, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the LibertyQ International Equity Hedged Index (the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index).

Fees and Expenses of the Fund

The following table describes the fees and expenses that you will incur if you own shares of the Fund. You may also incur usual and customary brokerage commissions when buying or selling shares of the Fund, which are not reflected in the Example that follows.


Annual Fund Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)

Management fees 	0.40% 
Distribution and service (12b-1) fees 	None 
Other expenses1 	None 
Total annual Fund operating expenses1 	0.40% 
1. Expenses have been restated to reflect current fees.

Example

This Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of the period. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund's operating expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

   	1 Year 	3 Years 	5 Years 	10 Years 
   	$ 41 	$ 128 	$ 224 	$ 505 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual Fund operating expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate was 32.55% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Under normal market conditions, the Fund invests at least 80% of its assets in the component securities of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index and in depositary receipts representing such securities. The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index is a systematic, rules-based proprietary index that is owned and calculated by MSCI Inc. (MSCI). The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index is based on the MSCI EAFE Index using a methodology developed with Franklin Templeton to reflect Franklin Templeton’s desired investment strategy. The MSCI EAFE Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is designed to measure the equity market performance of developed markets, excluding the U.S. and Canada.

The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index includes stocks from developed market countries in Europe, Australasia and the Far East that have favorable exposure to multiple investment style factors. The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index seeks to achieve a lower level of risk and higher risk-adjusted performance than the MSCI EAFE Index over the long term by applying a multi-factor selection process, which is designed to select equity securities from the MSCI EAFE Index that have favorable exposure to four investment style factors – quality, value, momentum and low volatility. Factors are common characteristics that relate to a group of issuers or securities that are important in explaining the returns and risks of those issuers’ securities. The “quality” factor incorporates measurements such as return on equity, earnings variability, cash return on assets and leverage. The “value” factor incorporates measurements such as price to earnings, price to forward earnings, price to book value and dividend yield. The “momentum” factor incorporates measurements such as 6-month risk adjusted price momentum and 12-month risk-adjusted price momentum. The “low volatility” factor incorporates measurements such as historical beta (i.e., a measure of the volatility of a security relative to the total market). The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index incorporates a hedge against the currency risk of the securities included in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index against the U.S. dollar.

At the time of each semi-annual reconstitution of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index, no company shall comprise more than 2% of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index. The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index is also constrained in its construction to limit turnover of constituent securities at each semi-annual reconstitution. The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index may include large- and mid-capitalization companies. As of June 29, 2018, the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index was comprised of 251 securities with capitalizations ranging from $2.16 billion to $211.22 billion.

The Fund, using a “passive” or indexing investment approach, seeks investment results that closely correspond, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index. The investment manager seeks to achieve, over time, a correlation between the Fund’s performance, before fees and expenses, and that of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index of 0.95 or better. A figure of 1.00 would indicate perfect correlation. The Fund’s intention is to replicate the component securities of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index as closely as possible (i.e., invest in all of the component securities in their respective weightings in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index). However, under various circumstances, it may not be possible or practicable to replicate the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index. In these circumstances, the Fund may use a “representative sampling” strategy whereby the Fund would invest in what it believes to be a representative sample of the component securities of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index, but may not track the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index with the same degree of accuracy as would an investment vehicle replicating the entire International Equity Hedged Underlying Index. Under the representative sampling technique, the investment manager will select securities that collectively have an investment profile similar to that of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index, including securities that resemble those included in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index in terms of risk factors, performance attributes and other characteristics, such as market capitalization and industry weightings. The Fund’s portfolio is reconstituted semi-annually following the semi-annual reconstitution of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index.

The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index incorporates a hedge against non-U.S. currency fluctuations by reflecting the impact of rolling monthly currency forward contracts on the currencies represented in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index (the “hedge impact”). The return of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index is calculated as the sum of the return of the corresponding unhedged index denominated in U.S. dollars plus the hedge impact. The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index is calculated as if it sells forward the total value of the non-U.S. dollar denominated securities included in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index at a one-month forward rate to effectively create a hedge against fluctuations in the relative value of each of the component currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar. The hedge is reset on a monthly basis by simulating the setting up of a similar transaction in which the notional amount of the forwards sold represents the new month-end value of the non-U.S. dollar denominated securities included in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index. No adjustment to the hedge is made during the month to account for changes in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index due to price movement of securities, corporate events, additions, deletions or any other changes (i.e., the amount hedged is kept constant over the whole month). The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index is designed to have higher returns than an equivalent unhedged index when the component currencies are weakening relative to the U.S. dollar. Conversely, the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index will have lower returns than an equivalent unhedged index when the component currencies are rising relative to the U.S. dollar.

The Fund intends to enter into monthly foreign currency forward contracts and/or currency futures contracts designed to offset the Fund’s exposure to the component currencies, in order to replicate the hedge impact incorporated in the calculation of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index. The Fund’s exposure to foreign currency forward contracts and currency futures contracts is based on the aggregate exposure of the Fund to the component currencies.

The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., hold 25% or more of its net assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent that the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index is concentrated.

Principal Risks

You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Exchange-traded fund (ETF) shares are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank, and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other agency of the U.S. government. The Fund is subject to the principal risks noted below, any of which may adversely affect the Fund’s net asset value (NAV), trading price, yield, total return and ability to meet its investment goal.

Market   The market values of securities or other investments owned by the Fund will go up or down, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. The market value of a security or other investment may be reduced by market activity or other results of supply and demand unrelated to the issuer. This is a basic risk associated with all investments. When there are more sellers than buyers, prices tend to fall. Likewise, when there are more buyers than sellers, prices tend to rise.

Stock prices tend to go up and down more dramatically than those of debt securities. A slower-growth or recessionary economic environment could have an adverse effect on the prices of the various stocks held by the Fund.

Investment Style Factors   There can be no assurance that the multi-factor stock selection process of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index will enhance performance. Exposure to such investment factors may detract from performance in some market environments, perhaps for extended periods.

Foreign Securities (non-U.S.)   Investing in foreign securities typically involves more risks than investing in U.S. securities, and includes risks associated with: (i) internal and external political and economic developments – e.g., the political, economic and social policies and structures of some foreign countries may be less stable and more volatile than those in the U.S. or some foreign countries may be subject to trading restrictions or economic sanctions; (ii) trading practices – e.g., government supervision and regulation of foreign securities and currency markets, trading systems and brokers may be less than in the U.S.; (iii) availability of information – e.g., foreign issuers may not be subject to the same disclosure, accounting and financial reporting standards and practices as U.S. issuers; (iv) limited markets – e.g., the securities of certain foreign issuers may be less liquid (harder to sell) and more volatile; and (v) currency exchange rate fluctuations and policies (e.g., fluctuations may negatively affect investments denominated in foreign currencies and any income received or expenses paid by the Fund in that foreign currency).

Currency Hedging   In seeking investment results that closely correspond, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index, the Fund will attempt to hedge the currency exposure of non-U.S. dollar denominated securities held in its portfolio by investing in foreign currency forward contracts and/or currency futures contracts. While this approach is designed to minimize the impact of currency fluctuations on Fund returns, it does not necessarily eliminate the Fund's exposure to the component currencies. The return of the foreign currency forward contracts and currency futures contracts will not perfectly offset the actual fluctuations between the component currencies and the U.S. dollar. Moreover, while currency hedging can reduce or eliminate losses due to exchange rate changes, it can also reduce or eliminate gains, and the Fund bears additional transaction costs in entering into derivative instruments. Currency hedges are sometimes subject to imperfect matching between the derivative instruments and the currencies that the derivative instruments intend to hedge, and there can be no assurance that the Fund's hedging transactions will be effective. The Fund’s exposure to the component currencies may not be fully hedged at all times.

Because the Fund's currency hedge is generally reset on a monthly basis, currency risk can develop or increase intra-month. Furthermore, while the Fund is designed to hedge against currency fluctuations, it is possible that a degree of currency exposure may remain even at the time a hedging transaction is implemented. The Fund may not be able to structure its hedging transactions as anticipated or its hedging transactions may not successfully reduce the currency risk included in the Fund's portfolio in a way that tracks the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index.

Increased volatility of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index or the U.S. dollar relative to the currencies being hedged will generally reduce the effectiveness of the Fund's currency hedging strategy, measured on an aggregate basis. Significant differences between U.S. dollar interest rates and foreign currency interest rates may impact the effectiveness of the Fund's currency hedging strategy.

Derivative Instruments   The performance of derivative instruments (including currency derivatives) depends largely on the performance of an underlying currency, security, interest rate or index, and such derivatives often have risks similar to the underlying instrument, in addition to other risks. Derivatives involve costs and can create economic leverage in the Fund’s portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the Fund to participate in losses (as well as gains) in an amount that significantly exceeds the Fund’s initial investment. Certain derivatives have the potential for unlimited loss, regardless of the size of the initial investment. Other risks include illiquidity, mispricing or improper valuation of the derivative, and imperfect correlation between the value of the derivative and the underlying instrument so that the Fund may not realize the intended benefits. Their successful use will usually depend on the investment manager’s ability to accurately forecast movements in the market relating to the underlying instrument. Should a market or markets, or prices of particular classes of investments move in an unexpected manner, especially in unusual or extreme market conditions, the Fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction, and it may realize losses, which could be significant. If the investment manager is not successful in using such derivative instruments, the Fund’s performance may be worse than if the investment manager did not use such derivatives at all. When a derivative is used for hedging, the change in value of the derivative may also not correlate specifically with the currency, security, interest rate, index or other risk being hedged. Derivatives also may present the risk that the other party to the transaction will fail to perform. There is also the risk, especially under extreme market conditions, that a derivative, which usually would operate as a hedge, provides no hedging benefits at all.

Regional   The Fund will invest in specific countries or geographic regions to approximately the same extent as the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index. To the extent that the Fund invests a significant portion of its assets in a specific geographic region or a particular country, the Fund will generally have more exposure to the specific regional or country economic risks. In the event of economic or political turmoil or a deterioration of diplomatic relations in a region or country where a substantial portion of the Fund’s assets are invested, the Fund may experience substantial illiquidity or reduction in the value of the Fund’s investments. Adverse conditions in a certain region or country can also adversely affect securities of issuers in other countries whose economies appear to be unrelated.

Depositary Receipts   Depositary receipts are subject to many of the risks of the underlying securities. For some depositary receipts, the custodian or similar financial institution that holds the issuer's shares in a trust account is located in the issuer's home country. In these cases if the issuer’s home country does not have developed financial markets, the Fund could be exposed to the credit risk of the custodian or financial institution and greater market risk. In addition, the depository institution may not have physical custody of the underlying securities at all times and may charge fees for various services. The Fund may experience delays in receiving its dividend and interest payments or exercising rights as a shareholder. There may be an increased possibility of untimely responses to certain corporate actions of the issuer in an unsponsored depositary receipt program. Accordingly, there may be less information available regarding issuers of securities underlying unsponsored programs and there may not be a correlation between this information and the market value of the depositary receipts.

Calculation Methodology   The International Equity Hedged Underlying Index relies on various sources of information to assess the criteria of issuers included in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index (or the MSCI index on which it is based), including information that may be based on assumptions and estimates. Neither the Fund nor the investment manager can offer assurances that the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index’s calculation methodology or sources of information will provide an accurate assessment of included issuers or that the included issuers will provide the Fund with the market exposure it seeks.

Index-Related   There is no assurance that the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index will be determined, composed or calculated accurately. While MSCI provides descriptions of what the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index is designed to achieve, MSCI does not guarantee the quality, accuracy or completeness of data in respect of its indices, and does not guarantee that the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index will be in line with the described index methodology. Gains, losses or costs to the Fund caused by errors in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index may therefore be borne by the Fund and its shareholders.

Non-Correlation   There is no guarantee that the Fund will achieve a high degree of correlation to the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index and therefore achieve its investment goal. Market disruptions and regulatory restrictions could have an adverse effect on the Fund’s ability to adjust its exposure to the required levels in order to track the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index. In addition, the Fund’s NAV may deviate from the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index if the Fund fair values a portfolio security at a price other than the price used by the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index for that security. To the extent that the investment manager uses a representative sampling strategy, the Fund may not track the return of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index as well as it would have if the Fund held all of the securities in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index.

Tracking Error   Tracking error is the divergence of the Fund’s performance from that of the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index. Tracking error may occur because of differences between the securities held in the Fund’s portfolio and those included in the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index, pricing differences (including differences between a security’s price at the local market close and the Fund’s valuation of a security at the time of calculation of the Fund’s NAV), differences in transaction and hedging costs and forward rates achieved, the Fund’s holding of cash, differences in timing of the accrual of dividends or interest, tax gains or losses, changes to the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index or the need to meet various new or existing regulatory requirements. This risk may be heightened during times of increased market volatility or other unusual market conditions. Tracking error also may result because the Fund incurs fees and expenses, while the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index does not, and because the Fund accepts creations and redemptions during time periods between which it is able to adjust its currency hedges, whereas the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index does not adjust its hedging during these periods.

Market Trading   The Fund faces numerous market trading risks, including the potential lack of an active market for Fund shares, losses from trading in secondary markets, periods of high volatility and disruption in the creation/redemption process of the Fund. Any of these factors, among others, may lead to the Fund’s shares trading at a premium or discount to NAV. Thus, you may pay more (or less) than NAV when you buy shares of the Fund in the secondary market, and you may receive less (or more) than NAV when you sell those shares in the secondary market. The investment manager cannot predict whether shares will trade above (premium), below (discount) or at NAV.

Concentration   To the extent the Fund concentrates in a specific industry, a group of industries, sector or type of investment, the Fund will carry much greater risks of adverse developments and price movements in such industries, sectors or investments than a fund that invests in a wider variety of industries, sectors or investments. There is also the risk that the Fund will perform poorly during a slump in demand for securities of companies in such industries or sectors.

Midsize Companies   Securities issued by midsize companies may be more volatile in price than those of larger companies, involve substantial risks and should be considered speculative. Such risks may include greater sensitivity to economic conditions, less certain growth prospects, lack of depth of management and funds for growth and development, and limited or less developed product lines and markets. In addition, midsize companies may be particularly affected by interest rate increases, as they may find it more difficult to borrow money to continue or expand operations, or may have difficulty in repaying any loans.

Passive Investment   Unlike many investment companies, the Fund is not actively managed and the investment manager does not attempt to take defensive positions under any market conditions, including declining markets. Therefore, the investment manager would not necessarily buy or sell a security unless that security is added or removed, respectively, from the International Equity Hedged Underlying Index, even if that security generally is underperforming.

International Closed Market Trading   To the extent that the underlying securities held by the Fund trade on an exchange that is closed when the securities exchange on which the Fund shares list and trade is open, there may be market uncertainty about the stale security pricing (i.e., the last quote from its closed foreign market) resulting in premiums or discounts to NAV that may be greater than those experienced by other ETFs.

Authorized Participant Concentration   Only an authorized participant (Authorized Participant) may engage in creation or redemption transactions directly with the Fund. The Fund has a limited number of institutions that act as Authorized Participants. To the extent that these institutions exit the business or are unable to proceed with creation and/or redemption orders with respect to the Fund and no other Authorized Participant is able to step forward to create or redeem Creation Units (as defined below), Fund shares may trade at a discount to NAV and possibly face trading halts and/or delisting. This risk may be more pronounced in volatile markets, potentially where there are significant redemptions in ETFs generally.

Performance

The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by comparing the Fund's performance with that of the Fund's underlying index and a broad measure of market performance. The bar chart shows the Fund's performance for the most recent calendar year. The Fund's past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. You can obtain updated performance information at libertyshares.com or by calling (800) DIAL BEN/342-5236.

Annual Total Returns



Best Quarter: 	Q1'17 	4.88% 
Worst Quarter: 	Q3'17 	2.03% 
As of June 30, 2018, the Fund's year-to-date return was 0.16%. 

Average Annual Total Returns

For the periods ended December 31, 2017

   	1 Year 	Since Inception
6/1/2016 
Franklin LibertyQ International Equity Hedged ETF   	 	 
         Return Before Taxes 	12.82% 	10.12% 
         Return After Taxes on Distributions 	10.49% 	5.94% 
         Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares 	7.39% 	5.99% 
MSCI EAFE (100% Hedged to USD) (Net Dividends) Index (index reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) 	16.84% 	17.54% 
LibertyQ International Equity Hedged NETR Index (index reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) 	13.21% 	10.74% 
The after-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor's tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.

Investment Manager

Franklin Advisers, Inc. (Advisers)

Portfolio Managers

Dina Ting, CFA   Portfolio Manager of Advisers and lead portfolio manager of the Fund since inception (2016).

Louis Hsu, CFA   Portfolio Manager of Advisers and portfolio manager of the Fund since December 2017.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund is an ETF. Fund shares may only be purchased and sold on a national securities exchange through a broker-dealer. The price of Fund shares is based on market price, and because ETF shares trade at market prices rather than NAV, shares may trade at a price greater than NAV (a premium) or less than NAV (a discount). The Fund issues or redeems shares that have been aggregated into blocks of 100,000 shares or multiples thereof (Creation Units) to Authorized Participants who have entered into agreements with the Fund’s distributor, Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc. The Fund will generally issue or redeem Creation Units in return for a basket of securities (and an amount of cash) that the Fund specifies each day.

Taxes

The Fund’s distributions are generally taxable to you as ordinary income, capital gains, or some combination of both, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an individual retirement account, in which case your distributions would generally be taxed when withdrawn from the tax-deferred account.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and
Other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), Advisers or other related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary's website for more information.