Franklin Liberty U.S. Low Volatility ETF
<head_breaker>

Fund Summaries



Franklin Liberty U.S. Low Volatility ETF

Investment Goal

Capital appreciation with an emphasis on lower volatility.

Fees and Expenses of the Fund

The following table describes the fees and expenses that you will incur if you own shares of the Fund. You may also incur usual and customary brokerage commissions when buying or selling shares of the Fund, which are not reflected in the Example that follows.


Annual Fund Operating Expenses

(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)

   	 
Management fees 	0.50% 
Distribution and service (12b-1) fees 	None 
Other expenses 	1.61% 
Total annual Fund operating expenses 	2.11% 
Fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement1 	-1.61% 
Total annual Fund operating expenses after fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement1 	0.50% 
1. The investment manager has contractually agreed to waive or assume certain expenses so that total annual Fund operating expenses (including acquired fund fees and expenses, but excluding certain non-routine expenses) for the Fund do not exceed 0.50% until July 31, 2019. Contractual fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement agreements may not be changed or terminated during the time period set forth above.

Example

This Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of the period. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund's operating expenses remain the same. The Example reflects adjustments made to the Fund's operating expenses due to the fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements by management for the 1 Year numbers only. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

   	1 Year 	3 Years 	5 Years 	10 Years 
   	$ 51 	$ 505 	$ 985 	$ 2,313 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual Fund operating expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate was 65.68% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Under normal market conditions, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in U.S. investments. The Fund invests primarily in equity securities (principally common stocks) of U.S. companies, which are those that:

are organized under the laws of, or have a principal office in, or for whose securities the principal trading market is, the U.S.; or
derive 50% or more of their total revenue or profit from either goods or services produced, or sales made, in the U.S.; or
have 50% or more of their assets in the U.S.
The Fund seeks capital appreciation while providing a lower level of volatility than the broader equity market as measured by the Russell 1000 Index. “Volatility” is a statistical measurement of the frequency and level of up and down fluctuations of a fund’s returns over time. Therefore, in this context, seeking to provide a lower level of volatility than the broader equity market means that the Fund seeks returns that fluctuate less than the returns of the Russell 1000 Index.

The investment manager seeks to accomplish its investment goal through its security selection process. The investment manager applies a fundamentally driven, “bottom-up” research process to create a starting universe of eligible securities across a large number of sectors derived from the holdings of a number of Franklin Templeton equity funds. The investment manager screens that universe on a quarterly basis in order to identify those securities with the lowest realized volatility relative to their corresponding sectors. The Fund’s sector weightings generally are based on the current sector weightings within the Russell 1000 Index. Individual securities in the Fund’s portfolio are generally weighted equally within each sector. The investment manager may, from time to time, make adjustments to the Fund’s portfolio as a result of corporate actions, changes to the volatility profile of the Fund’s holdings, or for risk management related purposes.

The Fund may invest a portion of its assets in mid-capitalization companies.

The Fund is an actively managed exchange-traded fund (ETF) that does not seek to replicate the performance of a specified index.

Principal Risks

You could lose money by investing in the Fund. ETF shares are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank, and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other agency of the U.S. government. The Fund is subject to the principal risks noted below, any of which may adversely affect the Fund’s net asset value (NAV), trading price, yield, total return and ability to meet its investment goal. Unlike many ETFs, the Fund is not an index-based ETF.

Market   The market values of securities or other investments owned by the Fund will go up or down, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. The market value of a security or other investment may be reduced by market activity or other results of supply and demand unrelated to the issuer. This is a basic risk associated with all investments. When there are more sellers than buyers, prices tend to fall. Likewise, when there are more buyers than sellers, prices tend to rise.

Stock prices tend to go up and down more dramatically than those of debt securities. A slower-growth or recessionary economic environment could have an adverse effect on the prices of the various stocks held by the Fund.

Volatility Strategy   There can be no guarantee that the Fund’s volatility strategy will be successful; moreover, achieving the Fund’s volatility strategy does not mean the Fund will achieve a positive or competitive return. Although the Fund is designed to have less volatility than the broader equity market as measured by the Russell 1000 Index, the actual volatility that the Fund experiences could be higher than the volatility of the broader equity market and/or the Russell 1000 Index. The volatility strategy can be expected to limit the Fund’s participation in market price appreciation when compared to similar funds that do not attempt this strategy. In cases of extreme market conditions during which there is price dislocation for certain securities or in the event of systemic market dislocation, the Fund’s volatility strategy may cause the Fund to be significantly over- or under-exposed to a specific security, which may cause the Fund to lose significantly more than it would have lost had the volatility strategy not been used.

Midsize Companies   Securities issued by midsize companies may be more volatile in price than those of larger companies, involve substantial risks and should be considered speculative. Such risks may include greater sensitivity to economic conditions, less certain growth prospects, lack of depth of management and funds for growth and development, and limited or less developed product lines and markets. In addition, midsize companies may be particularly affected by interest rate increases, as they may find it more difficult to borrow money to continue or expand operations, or may have difficulty in repaying any loans.

Focus   To the extent that the Fund focuses on particular countries, regions, industries, sectors or types of investment from time to time, the Fund may be subject to greater risks of adverse developments in such areas of focus than a fund that invests in a wider variety of countries, regions, industries, sectors or investments.

Management   The Fund is subject to management risk because it is an actively managed investment portfolio. The Fund's investment manager applies investment techniques and risk analyses in making investment decisions for the Fund, but there can be no guarantee that these decisions will produce the desired results.

Market Trading   The Fund faces numerous market trading risks, including the potential lack of an active market for Fund shares, losses from trading in secondary markets, periods of high volatility and disruption in the creation/redemption process of the Fund. Any of these factors, among others, may lead to the Fund’s shares trading at a premium or discount to NAV. Thus, you may pay more (or less) than NAV when you buy shares of the Fund in the secondary market, and you may receive less (or more) than NAV when you sell those shares in the secondary market. The investment manager cannot predict whether shares will trade above (premium), below (discount) or at NAV.

Authorized Participant Concentration   Only an authorized participant (Authorized Participant) may engage in creation or redemption transactions directly with the Fund. The Fund has a limited number of institutions that act as Authorized Participants. To the extent that these institutions exit the business or are unable to proceed with creation and/or redemption orders with respect to the Fund and no other Authorized Participant is able to step forward to create or redeem Creation Units (as defined below), Fund shares may trade at a discount to NAV and possibly face trading halts and/or delisting. This risk may be more pronounced in volatile markets, potentially where there are significant redemptions in ETFs generally.

Performance

The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of an investment in the Fund by comparing the Fund's performance with a broad measure of market performance. The bar chart shows the Fund's performance for the most recent calendar year. The Fund's past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. You can obtain updated performance information at libertyshares.com or by calling (800) DIAL BEN/342-5236.

Annual Total Returns



Best Quarter: 	Q4'17 	6.89% 
Worst Quarter: 	Q3'17 	2.77% 
As of June 30, 2018, the Fund's year-to-date return was 2.43%. 

Average Annual Total Returns

For the periods ended December 31, 2017

   	1 Year 	Since Inception
9/20/2016 
Franklin Liberty U.S. Low Volatility ETF   	 	 
         Return Before Taxes 	19.83% 	17.68% 
         Return After Taxes on Distributions 	19.09% 	16.92% 
         Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares 	11.24% 	13.19% 
Russell 1000® Index (index reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) 	21.69% 	21.41% 
The after-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor's tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.

Investment Manager

Franklin Advisers, Inc. (Advisers)

Portfolio Manager

Todd Brighton, CFA   Portfolio Manager of Advisers and portfolio manager of the Fund since inception (2016).

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund is an ETF. Fund shares may only be purchased and sold on a national securities exchange through a broker-dealer. The price of Fund shares is based on market price, and because ETF shares trade at market prices rather than NAV, shares may trade at a price greater than NAV (a premium) or less than NAV (a discount). The Fund issues or redeems shares that have been aggregated into blocks of 50,000 shares or multiples thereof (Creation Units) to Authorized Participants who have entered into agreements with the Fund’s distributor, Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc. The Fund will generally issue or redeem Creation Units in return for a basket of securities (and an amount of cash) that the Fund specifies each day.

Taxes

The Fund’s distributions are generally taxable to you as ordinary income, capital gains, or some combination of both, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an individual retirement account, in which case your distributions would generally be taxed when withdrawn from the tax-deferred account.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and
Other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), Advisers or other related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary's website for more information.