GLOBAL GOLD FUND
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary
Investment Objective
The fund seeks to realize a total return (capital growth and dividends) consistent with investment in securities of companies that are engaged in mining, processing, fabricating or distributing gold or other precious metals throughout the world.
Fees and Expenses
The following table describes the fees and expenses you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in American Century Investments funds. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional and in Calculation of Sales Charges on page 12 of the fund’s prospectus, Appendix A of the fund’s prospectus and Sales Charges in Appendix B of the statement of additional information.
Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investor
I1
A
C
R
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on
Purchases (as a percentage of offering price)
None
None
5.75%
None
None
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a percentage
of the lower of the original offering price or redemption
proceeds when redeemed within one year of purchase)
None
None
None²
1.00%
None
Maximum Annual Account Maintenance Fee
(waived if eligible investments total at least $10,000)
$25
None
None
None
None
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 
Investor
I
A
C
R
Management Fee
0.66%
0.46%
0.66%
0.66%
0.66%
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees
None
None
0.25%
1.00%
0.50%
Other Expenses
0.01%
0.01%
0.01%
0.01%
0.01%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses
0.67%
0.47%
0.92%
1.67%
1.17%
1 
Prior to April 10, 2017, this class was referred to as the Institutional Class.
2 
Purchases of $1 million or more may be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge of 1.00% if the shares are redeemed within one year of the date of the purchase.
Example
The example below is intended to help you compare the costs of investing in the fund with the costs of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods, that you earn a 5% return each year, and that the fund’s operating expenses remain the same. You may be required to pay brokerage commissions on your purchases of Investor or I Class shares of the fund, which are not reflected in the example. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 
1 year
3 years
5 years
10 years
Investor Class
$69
$215
$374
$835
I Class
$48
$151
$264
$592
A Class
$664
$852
$1,056
$1,641
C Class
$170
$527
$908
$1,974
R Class
$119
$372
$644
$1,420
Portfolio Turnover
The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 37% of the average value of its portfolio.

2


Principal Investment Strategies
Under normal market conditions, the fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in companies that are engaged in mining, processing, fabricating, distributing, exploring for or otherwise dealing in gold. The fund may change this 80% policy only upon 60 days’ prior written notice to shareholders. In selecting stocks for the fund, the portfolio managers use quantitative management techniques in a two-step process. First, the managers rank stocks from most attractive to least attractive based on an objective set of measures, including valuation, quality, and sentiment. Second, the portfolio managers use a quantitative model to build a portfolio of stocks from the ranking described above that they believe will provide the optimal balance between risk and expected return.
The portfolio managers generally sell a stock when they believe it has become less attractive relative to other opportunities, its risk characteristics outweigh its return opportunity or specific events alter its prospects.
Principal Risks
•
Gold Stocks — Gold stocks are generally considered speculative because of high share price volatility. The price of gold will likely impact the value of the companies in which the fund invests. The price of gold will fluctuate, sometimes considerably. Though many investors believe that gold investments hedge against inflation, currency devaluations and stock market declines, there is no guarantee that these historical inverse relationships will continue.
•
Nondiversification — The fund is classified as nondiversified. A nondiversified fund may invest a greater percentage of its assets in a smaller number of securities than a diversified fund. This gives the managers the flexibility to hold large positions in a small number of securities. If so, a price change in any one of those securities may have a greater impact on the fund’s share price than would be the case in a diversified fund and the fund may be more volatile than if it was diversified.
•
Concentration Risk — The fund concentrates its investments in a specific area and therefore may be subject to greater risks and market fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries.
•
Foreign Securities Risk — The fund invests primarily in foreign securities, which are generally riskier than U.S. stocks. Securities of foreign issuers may be less liquid, more volatile and harder to value than U.S. securities.
•
Emerging Markets Risk —Investing in securities of companies located in emerging market countries generally is riskier than investing in securities of companies located in foreign developed countries.
•
Currency Risk — Because the fund invests in securities denominated in foreign currencies, the fund is subject to currency risk, meaning that the fund could experience gains or losses based solely on changes in the exchange rate between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar.
•
Single Country Risk — Investing a significant portion of assets in one country or region, such as Canada, makes the fund more dependent upon the political and economic circumstances of that particular country or region than a mutual fund that is more widely diversified.
•
Market Risk — The value of the fund’s shares will go up and down based on the performance of the companies whose securities it owns and other factors generally affecting the securities market.
•
Price Volatility — The value of the fund’s shares may fluctuate significantly in the short term.
•
Principal Loss — At any given time your shares may be worth less than the price you paid for them. In other words, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.
An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit, and it is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other government agency.
Fund Performance
The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The bar chart shows changes in the fund’s performance from year to year for Investor Class shares. The table shows how the fund’s average annual returns for the periods shown compared with those of a broad measure of market performance. The table also shows returns for the NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index, which is a modified market capitalization-weighted index comprised of publicly traded companies involved primarily in mining for gold and silver. The fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the fund will perform in the future. For current performance information, please visit americancentury.com.
Sales charges and account fees, if applicable, are not reflected in the bar chart. If those charges were included, returns would be less than those shown.

3


Calendar Year Total Returns
 acqef201448_chart-13229a08.jpg
Highest Performance Quarter (3Q 2016 ): 43.48% Lowest Performance Quarter (2Q 2013): -34.50%
As of September 30, 2018 , the most recent calendar quarter end, the fund’s Investor Class year-to-date return was -18.86% .
Average Annual Total Returns
For the calendar year ended December 31, 2017
 1 year
5 years
10 years
Investor Class Return Before Taxes
10.62%
-10.92%
-4.52%
Return After Taxes on Distributions
10.62%
-11.85%
-5.59%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares
6.01%
-8.18%
-2.93%
I Class Return Before Taxes
10.79%
-10.74%
-4.32%
A Class Return Before Taxes
4.00%
-12.20%
-5.32%
C Class Return Before Taxes
9.59%
-11.79%
-5.46%
R Class Return Before Taxes
10.09%
-11.36%
-4.99%
MSCI World Index
   (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)
22.40%
11.63%
5.03%
NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index
   (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)
12.42%
-11.70%
-5.49%
The after-tax returns are shown only for Investor Class shares. After-tax returns for other share classes will vary. After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or IRAs.
Portfolio Management
Investment Advisor
American Century Investment Management, Inc.
Portfolio Managers
Yulin Long, CFA, Vice President, Portfolio Manager and Senior Quantitative Analyst, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2005.
Elizabeth Xie, CFA, Vice President, Portfolio Manager and Senior Quantitative Analyst, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2007.
 

4


Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
You may purchase or redeem shares of the fund on any business day through our website at americancentury.com, in person (at one of our Investor Centers), by mail (American Century Investments, P.O. Box 419200, Kansas City, MO 64141-6200), by telephone at 1-800-345-2021 (Investor Services Representative) or 1-800-345-3533 (Business, Not-For-Profit and Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans), or through a financial intermediary. Shares may be purchased and redemption proceeds received by electronic bank transfer, by check or by wire.
Unless otherwise specified below, the minimum initial investment amount to open an account is $2,500 ($2,000 for Coverdell Education Savings Accounts). Investors opening accounts through financial intermediaries may open an account with $250 for Investor, A, C and R Classes but the financial intermediaries may require their clients to meet different investment minimums. The minimum may be waived for broker-dealer sponsored wrap program accounts, fee based accounts, and accounts through bank/trust and wealth management advisory organizations.
The minimum initial investment amount for I Class is generally $5 million ($3 million for endowments and foundations), but the minimum may be waived if you have an aggregate investment in the American Century family of funds of $10 million or more ($5 million for endowments and foundations). This includes accounts held directly with American Century and those held through a financial intermediary.
For the Investor, A, C and R Classes, there is no minimum initial investment amount for certain employer-sponsored retirement plans, however, financial intermediaries or plan recordkeepers may require plans to meet different minimums. For purposes of fund minimums, employer-sponsored retirement plans do not include SEP IRAs, SIMPLE IRAs or SARSEPs. Employer-sponsored retirement plans are not eligible to invest in the I Class.
There is a $50 minimum for subsequent purchases, except that there is no subsequent purchase minimum for financial intermediaries or employer-sponsored retirement plans.
Tax Information
Fund distributions are generally taxable as ordinary income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred account such as a 401(k) or individual retirement account (in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries 
If you purchase the fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank, insurance company, plan sponsor or financial professional), the fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.