Income Stock Fund
<head_breaker>

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The USAA Income Stock Fund (the Fund) seeks current income with the prospect of increasing dividend income and the potential for capital appreciation.
FEES AND EXPENSES
The tables below describe the fees and expenses that you may pay, directly and indirectly, to invest in the Fund. The annual fund operating expenses for the Fund Shares, Institutional Shares, and R6 Shares are based on expenses incurred during the Fund’s most recently completed fiscal year.
Shareholder Fees
(fees paid directly from your investment)
 	Fund Shares	Inst. Shares	R6 Shares
 	None	None	None
Annual Fund Operating Expenses
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Fund Shares	Inst. Shares	R6 Shares
Management Fee (fluctuates based on the Fund's performance relative to a securities market index)	0.50%	0.50%	0.50%
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) Fees	None	None	None
Other Expenses	0.26%	0.22%	0.40%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	0.76%	0.72%	0.90%
Reimbursement from Adviser	N/A	N/A	(0.25%)(a)
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses after Reimbursement	0.76%	0.72%	0.65%
(a)	The Investment Adviser has agreed, through November 30, 2019, to make payments or waive management, administration, and other fees to limit the expenses of the R6 Shares so that the total annual operating expenses (exclusive of expense offset arrangements, acquired fund fees and expenses, and extraordinary expenses) do not exceed an annual rate of 0.65% of the R6 Shares’ average daily net assets. This reimbursement arrangement may not be changed or terminated during this time period without approval of the Fund’s Board of Trustees and may be changed or terminated by the Investment Adviser at any time after November 30, 2019.
Prospectus  |  1
 

Table of Contents
Example
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, you would pay the following expenses on a $10,000 investment, assuming (1) a 5% annual return, (2) the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same, (3) you redeem all of your shares at the end of the periods shown, and (4) the expense reimbursement arrangement for the R6 Shares is not continued beyond one year.
 	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Fund Shares	$78	$243	$422	$942
Inst. Shares	$74	$230	$401	$894
R6 Shares	$66	$262	$474	$1,085
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, including commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when shares of the Fund are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance.
For the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 23% of the average value of its whole portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGY
The Fund normally invests at least 80% of its assets in common stocks, with at least 65% of the Fund’s assets normally invested in common stocks of companies that pay dividends. This 80% policy may be changed upon at least 60 days’ written notice to shareholders. Although the Fund will invest primarily in U.S. securities, it may invest up to 20% of its total assets in foreign securities including securities in emerging markets. Additionally, the Fund may invest in derivatives, including futures and options and may write (sell) covered call options on the securities it holds to generate income.
PRINCIPAL RISKS
Any investment involves risk, and there is no assurance that the Fund’s objective will be achieved. The Fund is actively managed and the investment techniques and risk analyses used by the Fund’s manager(s) may not produce the desired results. As you consider an investment in the Fund, you also should take into account your tolerance for the daily fluctuations of the
2  |  USAA Income Stock Fund
 

Table of Contents
financial markets and whether you can afford to leave your money in the Fund for long periods of time to ride out down periods. As with other mutual funds, losing money is a risk of investing in the Fund.
The Fund may invest in futures, options, and other types of derivatives. Risks associated with derivatives include the risk that the derivative is not well-correlated with the security, index, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), or currency to which it relates; the risk that the use of derivatives may not have the intended effects and may result in losses, underperformance, or missed opportunities; the risk that the Fund will be unable to sell the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation; the risk of interest rate movements; and the risk that the derivatives transaction could expose the Fund to the effects of leverage, which could increase the Fund’s market exposure, magnify investment risks and losses, and cause losses to be realized more quickly. There is no guarantee that derivative techniques will be employed or that they will work as intended, and their use could lower returns or even result in losses to the Fund.
This Fund is subject to dividend payout risk, which is the possibility that a number of the companies in which the Fund invests will reduce or eliminate the dividend on the securities held by the Fund. Should many portfolio companies reduce or eliminate their dividend payments, the ability of the Fund to produce investment income to shareholders will be affected adversely.
The equity securities in the Fund’s portfolio are subject to stock market risk. A company’s stock price in general may decline over short or even extended periods, regardless of the success or failure of the company’s operations. Stock markets tend to run in cycles, with periods when stock prices generally go up and periods when stock prices generally go down. Equity securities tend to be more volatile than debt securities. In addition, to the degree the Fund invests in foreign securities, there is a possibility that the value of the Fund’s investments in foreign securities will decrease because of unique risks, such as currency exchange-rate fluctuations; foreign market illiquidity; emerging-market risk; increased price volatility; uncertain political conditions; exchange control regulations; foreign ownership limits; different accounting, reporting, and disclosure requirements; difficulties in obtaining legal judgments; and foreign withholding taxes. These risks are particularly heightened in this Fund because investments in emerging-market countries generally are more volatile than investments in developed markets. Emerging-market countries are less economically diverse and mature than more developed countries and tend to be politically less stable.
There is a risk that the value of the Fund’s investment in real estate investment trusts (REITs) will decrease because of a decline in real estate values more broadly. Investing in REITs may subject the Fund to many of the same risks associated with the direct ownership of real estate. Additionally, REITs are dependent upon the capabilities of the REIT’s manager(s); have limited diversification; and may be particularly sensitive to economic
Prospectus  |  3
 

Table of Contents
downturns or changes in interest rates, real estate values, cash flows of underlying real estate assets, occupancy rates, zoning laws, and tax laws. Because REITs are pooled investment vehicles that incur expenses of their own, the Fund will indirectly bear its proportionate share of those expenses.
An investment in the Fund is not a deposit in USAA Federal Savings Bank, or any other bank, and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
PERFORMANCE
The following bar chart and table are intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The Fund has three classes of shares: Fund Shares, Institutional Shares, and R6 Shares. The bar chart provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund and illustrates the Fund Shares class's volatility and performance from year to year for each full calendar year over the past 10 years. The table shows how the average annual total returns of the share classes for the periods indicated compared to those of the Fund's benchmark index and an additional index of funds with similar investment objectives. Performance reflects any expense limitations in effect during the periods shown.
Remember, historical performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate what will happen in the future. For the Fund’s most current performance information, log on to usaa.com or call (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722.
4  |  USAA Income Stock Fund
 

Table of Contents
RISK/RETURN BAR CHART
Annual Returns for Periods Ended December 31

During the periods shown in the chart:	Returns	Quarter ended
Highest Quarter Return	15.45%	September 30, 2009
Lowest Quarter Return	-20.54%	December 31, 2008
Year-to-Date Return	4.25%	September 30, 2018
After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. In certain situations, the return after taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares may be higher than the other return amounts. A higher after-tax return may result when a capital loss occurs upon redemption and translates into an assumed tax deduction that benefits the shareholder. The actual after-tax returns depend on your tax situation and may differ from those shown. If you hold your shares through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as an individual retirement account (IRA) or 401(k) plan, the after-tax returns shown in the table are not relevant to you. Please note that after-tax returns are only shown for the Fund Shares and may differ for each share class.
Prospectus  |  5
 

Table of Contents
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
For Periods Ended December 31, 2017
 	Past
1 Year	Past
5 Years	Past
10 Years	Since
Inception	Inception
Date
Fund Shares	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	16.63%	13.53%	6.47%	 	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions	14.53%	12.20%	5.68%	 	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares	11.08%	10.66%	5.07%	 	 
Institutional Shares	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	16.69%	13.60%	–	8.89%	8/1/2008
R6 Shares	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	16.80%	–	–	18.10%	12/1/2016
Indexes
Russell 1000® Value Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	13.66%	14.04%	7.10%	9.28%	8/1/2008*
Lipper Equity Income Funds Index (reflects no deduction for taxes)	16.43%	12.98%	6.96%	8.99%	8/1/2008*
* The performance of the Russell 1000 Value Index and the Lipper Equity Income Funds Index is calculated from the end of the month, July 31, 2008, while the inception date of the Institutional Shares is August 1, 2008. There may be a slight variation in performance because of the difference. The average annual total returns for the Russell 1000 Value Index and the Lipper Equity Income Funds Index from December 1, 2016, through December 1, 2017, were 16.32% and 19.29%, respectively.
INVESTMENT ADVISER
USAA Asset Management Company (“AMCO” or “Adviser”)
SUBADVISER
Epoch Investment Partners, Inc. (“Epoch”)
6  |  USAA Income Stock Fund
 

Table of Contents
PORTFOLIO MANAGERS
AMCO
John P. Toohey, CFA, Head of Equity Investments, has co-managed a portion of the Fund since November 2012.
Dan Denbow, CFA, Assistant Vice President of Equity Investments, has co-managed a portion of the Fund since December 2015.
David Levenhagen, Assistant Portfolio Manager, has co-managed a portion of the Fund since December 2018.
Epoch
Michael A. Welhoelter, CFA, Managing Director, Portfolio Manager, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and Head of Quantitative Research & Risk Management, has co-managed a portion of the Fund since January 2010.
John Tobin, Ph.D., CFA, Managing Director, Portfolio Manager, and Senior Research Analyst for Epoch’s U.S. and Global Equity Shareholder Yield strategies, has co-managed a portion of the Fund since October 2013.
Kera Van Valen, CFA, Managing Director, Portfolio Manager, and Senior Research Analyst for Epoch’s U.S. and Global Equity Shareholder Yield strategies, has co-managed a portion of the Fund since October 2013.
William W. Priest, CFA, Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager, has co-managed a portion of the Fund since January 2010.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES
Fund Shares:
You may purchase or sell Fund Shares through a USAA investment account on any business day through our website at usaa.com or mobile.usaa.com, or by telephone at (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722. You also may purchase or sell Fund Shares through certain other financial intermediaries. If you have opened an account directly with the Fund, you also may purchase and sell Fund Shares by mail at P.O. Box 659453, San Antonio, Texas 78265-9825.
■	Minimum initial purchase: $3,000
■	Minimum subsequent investment: $50
Institutional Shares:
The Institutional Shares are not offered for sale directly to the general public. The minimum initial purchase is $1 million; however, the Fund reserves the right to waive or lower purchase minimums in certain circumstances.
Prospectus  |  7
 

Table of Contents
R6 Shares:
R6 Shares generally are available only through employer-sponsored retirement plans where a financial intermediary provides retirement recordkeeping services to plan participants. R6 Shares also are available to endowment funds and foundations. There is no minimum initial investment amount or minimum subsequent investment for R6 Shares. Please contact your plan administrator or recordkeeper to purchase or sell (redeem) shares from your retirement plan.
TAX INFORMATION
The Fund intends to make distributions that generally will be taxed to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gains, unless you are a tax-exempt investor or you invest through an IRA, 401(k) plan, or other tax-deferred account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).
PAYMENTS TO BROKER-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of such shares and certain servicing and administrative functions for investments in all share classes except the R6 Shares. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.