Ivy European Opportunities Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy European Opportunities Fund

Objective

To seek to provide growth of capital.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your
investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.49%	 	  	 	0.80%	 	  	 	0.41%	 	  	 	0.31%	 	  	 	0.13%	 	  	 	0.38%	 	  	 	0.29%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses3

 	 	1.64%	 	  	 	2.70%	 	  	 	2.31%	 	  	 	1.21%	 	  	 	1.03%	 	  	 	1.78%	 	  	 	1.44%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$732	 	  	 	$1,063	 	  	 	$1,415	 	  	 	$2,407	 
Class B Shares

 	 	673	 	  	 	1,138	 	  	 	1,530	 	  	 	2,776	 
Class C Shares

 	 	234	 	  	 	721	 	  	 	1,235	 	  	 	2,646	 
Class I Shares

 	 	123	 	  	 	384	 	  	 	665	 	  	 	1,466	 
Class N Shares

 	 	105	 	  	 	328	 	  	 	569	 	  	 	1,259	 
Class R Shares

 	 	181	 	  	 	560	 	  	 	964	 	  	 	2,095	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	147	 	  	 	456	 	  	 	787	 	  	 	1,724	 
 

92	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$732	 	  	 	$1,063	 	  	 	$1,415	 	  	 	$2,407	 
Class B Shares

 	 	273	 	  	 	838	 	  	 	1,430	 	  	 	2,776	 
Class C Shares

 	 	234	 	  	 	721	 	  	 	1,235	 	  	 	2,646	 
Class I Shares

 	 	123	 	  	 	384	 	  	 	665	 	  	 	1,466	 
Class N Shares

 	 	105	 	  	 	328	 	  	 	569	 	  	 	1,259	 
Class R Shares

 	 	181	 	  	 	560	 	  	 	964	 	  	 	2,095	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	147	 	  	 	456	 	  	 	787	 	  	 	1,724	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 84% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy European Opportunities Fund invests, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets in the equity securities of European companies. While the Fund tends to favor securities issued by large-capitalization European companies, it may invest in securities issued by European companies of any size that provide investment opportunities. The Fund typically invests in companies located in the more developed markets of Europe and may invest up to 100% of its total assets in foreign securities.

In selecting securities for the Fund, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, combines a top-down (assessing the market environment) approach with a bottom-up (researching individual issuers) stock selection process, using a combination of country analysis, sector and industry dynamics and individual stock selection in comprising the portfolio. As part of its investment process, IICO seeks to identify investment themes, then seeks to determine the most appropriate sectors and geographies to benefit from its top-down analysis and generally selects companies based on an analysis of a wide range of fundamental factors, including: valuation, earnings growth, cash generation, balance sheet strength, competitive advantage, sustainable growth rate, as well as factors such as market position, strategic outlook and management strength.

The Fund may use forward foreign currency contracts to manage the Fund’s exposure to various foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar.

Generally, in determining whether to sell a security, IICO chooses to do so when it believes that the security’s valuation has exceeded its target, or IICO loses confidence in the management of the company, or when the security fails to meet earnings growth expectations. IICO also may sell a security to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	European Investment Risk. The Economic and Monetary Union of the European Union (EU) requires compliance with restrictions on inflation rates, deficits, interest rates, debt levels and fiscal and monetary controls, each of which may significantly affect EU member countries, as well as other European countries. Decreasing imports or exports, changes in governmental regulations on trade, changes in the exchange rate of the euro and recessions in EU economies may have a significant adverse effect on the economies of EU members and their trading partners, including non-member European countries. Additionally, eastern European markets remain relatively undeveloped and may be particularly sensitive to political and economic developments.
The European financial markets recently have experienced volatility and adverse trends due to concerns about economic downturns or rising government debt levels in several European countries, including Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain. These events have adversely affected the exchange rate of the euro and may continue to significantly affect every country in Europe, including countries that do not use the euro.

 

∎	 	Foreign Currency Exchange Transactions and Forward Foreign Currency Contracts Risk. The Fund may use foreign currency exchange transactions and forward foreign currency contracts to hedge certain market risks (such as interest rates, currency exchange rates and broad or specific market movement). These investment techniques involve a number of risks, including the possibility of default by the counterparty to the transaction and, to the extent IICO’s judgment as to certain market movements is incorrect, the risk of losses that are greater than if the investment technique had not been used.
 

Global/International Funds	 	Prospectus	 	93
Table of Contents
∎	 	Foreign Currency Risk. Foreign securities may be denominated in foreign currencies. The value of the Fund’s investments, as measured in U.S. dollars, may be unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and exchange control regulations. Investing in foreign currencies for purposes of gaining from projected changes in exchange rates further increases the Fund’s exposure to foreign investment losses. Currency markets generally are not as regulated as securities markets.
 

∎	 	Foreign Securities Risk. Investing in foreign securities involves a number of economic, financial, legal, and political considerations that are not associated with the U.S. markets and that could affect the Fund’s performance unfavorably, depending upon the prevailing conditions at any given time. Among these potential risks are: greater price volatility; comparatively weak supervision and regulation of securities exchanges, brokers and issuers; higher brokerage costs; social, political or economic instability; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and related conversion costs or currency redenomination; nationalization or expropriation of assets; adverse foreign tax consequences; different and/or less stringent financial reporting standards; and settlement, custodial or other operational delays. World markets, or those in a particular region, all may react in similar fashion to important economic or political developments. In addition, key information about the issuer, the markets or the local government or economy may be unavailable, incomplete or inaccurate. Securities of issuers traded on exchanges may be suspended, either by the issuers themselves, by an exchange or by governmental authorities. In the event that the Fund holds material positions in such suspended securities, the Fund’s ability to liquidate its positions or provide liquidity to investors may be compromised and the Fund could incur significant losses.
 

∎	 	Growth Stock Risk. Prices of growth stocks may be more sensitive to changes in current or expected earnings than the prices of other stocks. Growth stocks may be more volatile or not perform as well as value stocks or the stock market in general.
 

∎	 	Large Company Risk. Large-capitalization companies may go in and out of favor based on market and economic conditions. Large-capitalization companies may be unable to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in technology, and also may not be able to attain the high growth rate of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion. Although the securities of larger companies may be less volatile than those of companies with smaller market capitalizations, returns on investments in securities of large-capitalization companies could trail the returns on investments in securities of smaller companies.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

∎	 	Regional Focus Risk. Focusing on a particular geographical region or country involves increased currency, political, regulatory and other risks. To the extent the Fund invests a significant portion of its assets in a particular geographical region or country, economic, political, social and environmental conditions in that region or country will have a greater effect on Fund performance than they would in a more geographically diversified equity fund and the Fund’s performance may be more volatile than the performance of a more geographically diversified fund. See Market Risk.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of a broad-based securities market index and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc. served as the investment subadviser for the Fund until July 1, 2009, at which time IICO, the Fund’s investment manager, assumed direct investment management responsibilities of the Fund’s portfolio.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

 

 

94	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 20.82% (the second quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -23.55% (the third quarter of 2011). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was -0.37%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	14.21%	 	  	 	6.12%	 	  	 	-0.08%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	13.93%	 	  	 	5.88%	 	  	 	-0.44%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	8.26%	 	  	 	4.76%	 	  	 	-0.10%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	15.93%	 	  	 	6.03%	 	  	 	-0.32%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	20.43%	 	  	 	6.70%	 	  	 	-0.12%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	21.75%	 	  	 	7.92%	 	  	 	1.10%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	21.93%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	5.65%	 
Class R (began on 12-19-2012)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	21.02%	 	  	 	7.28%	 	  	 	7.09%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	21.54%	 	  	 	7.64%	 	  	 	0.83%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
MSCI Europe Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	25.51%	 	  	 	7.37%	 	  	 	1.34%	 
Lipper European Region Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	24.49%	 	  	 	8.01%	 	  	 	1.79%	 
Morningstar Europe Stock Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	24.12%	 	  	 	7.71%	 	  	 	1.68%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Manager

Robert E. Nightingale, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since October 2013.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus

 

Global/International Funds	 	Prospectus	 	95
Table of Contents
basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A and Class C:

  			
To Open an Account

  	 	$750	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.