Ivy High Income Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy High Income Fund

Objective

To seek to provide total return through a combination of high current income and capital appreciation.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 (other than for Class T shares) in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. For Class T shares, you may qualify for a sales charge discount if you invest at least $250,000 in Class T shares of the Fund. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your
investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class T	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	2.50%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	2.50%	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a %
of the value of your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class T	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.53%	 	  	 	0.53%	 	  	 	0.53%	 	  	 	0.53%	 	  	 	0.53%	 	  	 	0.53%	 	  	 	0.53%	 	  	 	0.53%	 	  	 	0.53%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.17%	 	  	 	0.18%	 	  	 	0.13%	 	  	 	0.43%	 	  	 	0.19%	 	  	 	0.04%	 	  	 	0.27%	 	  	 	0.04%	 	  	 	0.18%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	0.95%	 	  	 	1.71%	 	  	 	1.66%	 	  	 	1.21%	 	  	 	0.72%	 	  	 	0.57%	 	  	 	1.30%	 	  	 	0.82%	 	  	 	0.96%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement3,4,5,6

 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.13%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.01%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	0.95%	 	  	 	1.71%	 	  	 	1.66%	 	  	 	1.08%	7 	  	 	0.72%	 	  	 	0.57%	 	  	 	1.30%	 	  	 	0.82%	 	  	 	0.95%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20. With limited exceptions, for Class E shares, the current $20 account fee for Ivy InvestEd Plan accounts with a balance of less than $25,000 will be assessed annually at the close of business on the second Tuesday of December.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class E shares at 1.08%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

4 	Through July 31, 2020, IICO, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class B shares at 1.71%; and Class C shares at 1.66%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

5 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class T shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

6 	Through July 31, 2020, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

7 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to reflect a change in the Fund’s contractual class waiver.
 

56	 	Prospectus	 	Fixed Income Funds
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$666	 	  	 	$860	 	  	 	$1,070	 	  	 	$1,674	 
Class B Shares

 	 	574	 	  	 	839	 	  	 	1,028	 	  	 	1,818	 
Class C Shares

 	 	169	 	  	 	523	 	  	 	902	 	  	 	1,965	 
Class E Shares

 	 	377	 	  	 	672	 	  	 	986	 	  	 	1,868	 
Class I Shares

 	 	74	 	  	 	230	 	  	 	401	 	  	 	894	 
Class N Shares

 	 	58	 	  	 	183	 	  	 	318	 	  	 	714	 
Class R Shares

 	 	132	 	  	 	412	 	  	 	713	 	  	 	1,568	 
Class T Shares

 	 	332	 	  	 	505	 	  	 	694	 	  	 	1,238	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	304	 	  	 	529	 	  	 	1,176	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$666	 	  	 	$860	 	  	 	$1,070	 	  	 	$1,674	 
Class B Shares

 	 	174	 	  	 	539	 	  	 	928	 	  	 	1,818	 
Class C Shares

 	 	169	 	  	 	523	 	  	 	902	 	  	 	1,965	 
Class E Shares

 	 	377	 	  	 	672	 	  	 	986	 	  	 	1,868	 
Class I Shares

 	 	74	 	  	 	230	 	  	 	401	 	  	 	894	 
Class N Shares

 	 	58	 	  	 	183	 	  	 	318	 	  	 	714	 
Class R Shares

 	 	132	 	  	 	412	 	  	 	713	 	  	 	1,568	 
Class T Shares

 	 	332	 	  	 	505	 	  	 	694	 	  	 	1,238	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	304	 	  	 	529	 	  	 	1,176	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund bears transaction costs, such as spreads between bid and asked prices, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 39% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy High Income Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing primarily in a diversified portfolio of high-yield, high-risk, fixed-income securities, including secured and unsecured loan assignments, loan participations and other loan instruments (loans), of U.S. and foreign issuers, the risks of which are, in the judgment of IICO, consistent with the Fund’s objective. The Fund invests primarily in lower-quality debt securities, which include debt securities rated BBB+ or lower by S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P), or comparably rated by another nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) or, if unrated, determined by IICO to be of comparable quality. The Fund may invest up to 100% of its total assets in non-investment grade debt securities, commonly called “high yield” or “junk” bonds, which include debt securities rated BB+ or lower by S&P or comparably rated by another NRSRO or, if unrated, determined by IICO to be of comparable quality. The Fund may invest in fixed-income securities of any maturity.

The Fund may invest up to 100% of its total assets in foreign securities that are denominated in U.S. dollars or foreign currencies. Many of the companies in which the Fund may invest have diverse operations, with products or services in foreign markets. Therefore, the Fund may have indirect exposure to various foreign markets through investments in these companies, even if the Fund is not invested directly in such markets.

The Fund may invest in private placements and other restricted securities.

 

Fixed Income Funds	 	Prospectus	 	57
Table of Contents
Although IICO considers credit ratings in selecting investments for the Fund, IICO bases its investment decisions for a particular instrument primarily on its own credit analysis and not on a NRSRO’s credit rating. IICO may look at a number of factors in selecting securities for the Fund, beginning with a primarily bottom-up (researching individual issuers) analysis of a company’s fundamentals, including: financial strength, growth of operating cash flows, strength of management, borrowing requirements, improving credit metrics, potential to improve credit standing, responsiveness to changes in interest rates and business conditions, strength of business model, competitive advantage and capital structure and future capital needs, and progressing to consideration of the current economic environment, the direction and level of interest rates and inflation, and industry fundamentals and trends in the general economy.

IICO also may conduct a screening of issuers to narrow the investment universe, and considers characteristics such as yield, performance, maturity and relative value across and within sectors.

IICO attempts to optimize the Fund’s risk/reward by investing in the debt portion of the capital structure that IICO believes to be most attractive, which may include secured and/or unsecured loans, floating rate notes and/or secured and/or unsecured high-yield bonds. For example, if IICO believes that market conditions are favorable for a particular type of fixed-income instrument, such as high yield bonds, most or all of the fixed-income instruments in which the Fund invests may be high yield bonds. Similarly, if IICO believes that market conditions are favorable for loans, most or all of the fixed-income instruments in which the Fund invests may be loans, including second-lien loans which typically are lower in the capital structure and less liquid than first-lien loans.

Generally, in determining whether to sell a security, IICO considers the dynamics of an industry and/or company change or anticipated change, a change in strategy by a company, a deterioration of the company’s financial model, credit quality or credit standing, and/or a change in management’s consideration of its creditors. IICO also may sell a security if, in IICO’s opinion, the price of the security has risen to fully reflect the company’s improved creditworthiness and other investments with greater potential exist. IICO also may sell a security to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities, to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	Credit Risk. An issuer of a fixed-income obligation may not make payments on the obligation when due or may default on its obligation. There also is the risk that an issuer could suffer adverse changes in its financial condition that could lower the credit quality of a security. This could lead to greater volatility in the price of the security, could affect the security’s liquidity, and could make it more difficult to sell. A downgrade or default affecting any of the Fund’s securities could affect the Fund’s performance. In general, the longer the maturity and the lower the credit quality of a bond, the more sensitive it is to credit risk.
 

∎	 	Extension Risk. A rise in interest rates could cause borrowers to pay back the principal on certain debt securities, such as mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities, more slowly than expected, thus lengthening the average life of such securities. This could cause the value of such securities to be more volatile or to decline more than other fixed-income securities, and may magnify the effect of the rate increase on the price of such securities.
 

∎	 	Foreign Exposure Risk. The securities of many companies may have significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of the company’s operations, products or services in those foreign markets. As a result, a company’s domicile and/or the markets in which the company’s securities trade may not be fully reflective of its sources of revenue. Such securities would be subject to some of the same risks as an investment in foreign securities, including the risk that political and economic events unique to a country or region will adversely affect those markets in which the company’s products or services are sold.
 

∎	 	Foreign Securities Risk. Investing in foreign securities involves a number of economic, financial, legal, and political considerations that are not associated with the U.S. markets and that could affect the Fund’s performance unfavorably, depending upon the prevailing conditions at any given time. Among these potential risks are: greater price volatility; comparatively weak supervision and regulation of securities exchanges, brokers and issuers; higher brokerage costs; social, political or economic instability; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and related conversion costs or currency redenomination; nationalization or expropriation of assets; adverse foreign tax consequences; different and/or less stringent financial reporting standards; and settlement, custodial or other operational delays. World markets, or those in a particular region, all may react in similar fashion to important economic or political developments. In addition, key information about the issuer, the markets or the local government or economy may be unavailable, incomplete or inaccurate. Securities of issuers traded on exchanges may be suspended, either by the issuers themselves, by an exchange or by governmental authorities. In the event that the Fund holds material positions in such suspended securities, the Fund’s ability to liquidate its positions or provide liquidity to investors may be compromised and the Fund could incur significant losses.
 

∎	 	Income Risk. The risk that the Fund may experience a decline in its income due to falling interest rates, earnings declines, or income decline within a security. The amount and rate of distributions that the Fund’s shareholders receive are affected by the income that the Fund receives from its portfolio holdings. If the income is reduced, distributions by the Fund to shareholders may be less.
 

58	 	Prospectus	 	Fixed Income Funds
Table of Contents
∎	 	Interest Rate Risk. A rise in interest rates may cause a decline in the value of the Fund’s securities, especially securities with longer maturities. Typically, the longer the maturity or duration of a debt security, the greater the effect a change in interest rates could have on the security’s price. Thus, the sensitivity of the Fund’s debt securities to interest rate risk will increase with any increase in the duration of those securities. A decline in interest rates may cause the Fund to experience a decline in its income. Interest rates in the U.S. are at, or near, historic lows, which may increase the Fund’s exposure to risks associated with rising rates. The Fund may be subject to heightened interest rate risk as a result of a rise or anticipated rise in interest rates. In addition, a general rise in rates may result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the fixed-income markets generally.
 

∎	 	Liquidity Risk. Generally, a security is liquid if the Fund is able to sell the security at a fair price within a reasonable time. Liquidity generally is related to the market trading volume for a particular security. Illiquid securities may trade at a discount from comparable, more liquid investments, and may be subject to wider fluctuations in market value. Less liquid securities are more difficult to dispose of at their recorded values and are subject to increased spreads and volatility. Also, the Fund may not be able to dispose of illiquid securities when that would be beneficial at a favorable time or price. Certain investments that were liquid when the Fund purchased them may become illiquid, sometimes abruptly.
 

∎	 	Loan Risk. In addition to the risks typically associated with fixed-income securities, loans carry other risks, including the risk of insolvency of the lending bank or other intermediary. The risks associated with loans are similar to the risks of low-rated debt securities or “junk” bonds since loans typically are below investment grade. Loans may be unsecured or not fully collateralized, may be subject to restrictions on resale, may be difficult to value, sometimes trade infrequently on the secondary market and generally are subject to extended settlement periods. Any of these factors may impair the Fund’s ability to sell or realize promptly the full value of its loans in the event of a need to liquidate such loans. Accordingly, loans that have been sold may not be immediately available to meet redemptions. Extended trade settlement periods may result in cash not being immediately available to the Fund. As a result, the Fund may have to sell other investments or engage in borrowing transactions to raise cash to meet its obligations. Interests in secured loans have the benefit of collateral and, typically, of restrictive covenants limiting the ability of the borrower to further encumber its assets. There is a risk that the value of the collateral securing a loan in which the Fund has an interest may decline and that the collateral may not be sufficient to cover the amount owed on the loan. In the event the borrower defaults, the Fund’s access to the collateral may be limited or delayed by bankruptcy and other insolvency laws. These risks could cause the Fund to lose income or principal on a particular investment, which could affect the Fund’s returns. In addition, loans also are subject to the risk that a court could subordinate the loan to presently existing or future indebtedness or take other action detrimental to the holders of the loan. Further, in the event of a default, second or lower lien secured loans will generally be paid only if the value of the collateral exceeds the amount of the borrower’s obligations to the senior secured lenders, and the remaining collateral may not be sufficient to cover the full amount owed on the loan in which the Fund has an interest. Loans made to finance highly leveraged companies or to finance corporate acquisitions or other transactions may be especially vulnerable to adverse changes in economic or market conditions.
With loan assignments, as an assignee, the Fund normally will succeed to all rights and obligations of its assignor with respect to the portion of the loan that is being assigned. However, the rights and obligations acquired by the purchaser of a loan assignment may differ from, and be more limited than, those held by the original lenders or the assignor. With loan participations, the Fund may not be able to control the exercise of any remedies that the lender would have under the loan and likely would not have any rights against the borrower directly, so that delays and expense may be greater than those that would be involved if the Fund could enforce its rights directly against the borrower.

 

∎	 	Low-Rated Securities Risk. In general, low-rated debt securities (commonly referred to as “high yield” or “junk” bonds) offer higher yields due to the increased risk that the issuer will be unable to meet its obligations on interest or principal payments at the time called for by the debt instrument. For this reason, these securities are considered speculative and could significantly weaken the Fund’s returns. In adverse economic or other circumstances, issuers of these low-rated securities and obligations are more likely to have difficulty making principal and interest payments than issuers of higher-rated securities and obligations. In addition, these low-rated securities and obligations may fluctuate more widely in price and yield than higher-rated securities and obligations and may fall in price during times when the economy is weak or is expected to become weak. Issuers of securities that are in default or have defaulted may fail to resume principal or interest payments, in which case the Fund may lose its entire investment. The creditworthiness of issuers of low-rated securities may be more complex to analyze than that of issuers of investment-grade debt securities.
The markets in which low-rated debt securities are traded are more limited and less liquid than the market for higher rated securities. Because the Fund may invest a substantial amount of its assets in low-rated debt securities, it may be difficult for the Fund to sell such securities in a timely manner and at their stated value, particularly if it experiences large, unforeseen redemptions. The Fund could lose money if it is forced to sell securities at inopportune times to fulfill shareholder redemption requests. In addition, selling securities to meet such redemptions could increase the Fund’s transaction costs or have tax consequences. The risk of loss may increase depending on the size and frequency of redemption requests and whether the redemption requests occur in times of overall market turmoil or declining prices.

 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	
Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming

 

Fixed Income Funds	 	Prospectus	 	59
Table of Contents
 	
increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.

 

∎	 	Private Placements and Other Restricted Securities Risk. Restricted securities, which include private placements, are securities that are subject to legal or contractual restrictions on resale, and there can be no assurance of a ready market for resale. Privately placed securities and other restricted securities will have the effect of increasing the level of Fund illiquidity to the extent the Fund finds it difficult to sell these securities when IICO believes it is desirable to do so, especially under adverse market or economic conditions or in the event of adverse changes in the financial condition of the issuer, and the prices realized could be less than those originally paid or less than the fair market value. At times, the illiquidity of the market, as well as the lack of publicly available information regarding these securities also may make it difficult to determine the fair value of such securities for purposes of computing the NAV of the Fund.
 

∎	 	Reinvestment Risk. A decline in interest rates may cause issuers to prepay higher-yielding securities held by the Fund, resulting in the Fund reinvesting in securities with lower yields, which may cause a decline in its income.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of a broad-based securities market index and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown on the chart, the highest quarterly return was 16.35% (the second quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -15.13% (the fourth quarter of 2008). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was 1.70%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	
10 Years

(or Life of

Class)

 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	1.74%	 	  	 	4.24%	 	  	 	7.47%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	-1.19%	 	  	 	0.87%	 	  	 	3.94%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	0.95%	 	  	 	1.67%	 	  	 	4.26%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	3.15%	 	  	 	4.55%	 	  	 	7.40%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	7.22%	 	  	 	4.74%	 	  	 	7.34%	 
 

60	 	Prospectus	 	Fixed Income Funds
Table of Contents
as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	
10 Years

(or Life of

Class)

 
Class E

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	5.07%	 	  	 	4.64%	 	  	 	7.50%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	8.26%	 	  	 	5.75%	 	  	 	8.42%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	8.41%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	4.43%	 
Class R (began on 12-19-2012)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	7.61%	 	  	 	5.13%	 	  	 	5.14%	 
Class T (began on 07-05-2017)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	N/A	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	0.03%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	8.00%	 	  	 	5.49%	 	  	 	8.14%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
ICE BofAML US High Yield Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	7.48%	 	  	 	5.80%	 	  	 	7.89%	 
Lipper High Yield Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	6.58%	 	  	 	4.63%	 	  	 	6.43%	 
Morningstar High-Yield Bond Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	6.64%	 	  	 	4.71%	 	  	 	6.39%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Manager

Chad A. Gunther, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since July 2014.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes except Class T), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). You may purchase or redeem Class T shares any business day through your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary that has an agreement with IDI to sell Class T shares of the Fund. Not all financial intermediaries make Class T shares available to their customers. Please contact your broker-dealer to sell Class T shares of the Fund. If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A, Class C and Class E:

  			
To Open an Account (Class A and Class C)

  	 	$750	 
To Open an Account (Class E)

  	 	$250	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R, Class T and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

 

Fixed Income Funds	 	Prospectus	 	61
Table of Contents
Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.