Ivy Municipal High Income Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Municipal High Income Fund

Objective

To seek to provide a high level of current income that is not subject to Federal income tax.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	4.25%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.11%	 	  	 	0.21%	 	  	 	0.13%	 	  	 	0.20%	 	  	 	0.07%	 	  	 	0.22%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	0.87%	 	  	 	1.72%	 	  	 	1.64%	 	  	 	0.71%	 	  	 	0.58%	 	  	 	0.98%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement3,4,5,6

 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.06%	 	  	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.11%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	0.87%	7 	  	 	1.62%	 	  	 	1.58%	 	  	 	0.61%	7,8 	  	 	0.58%	 	  	 	0.87%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class Y shares at 0.94%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

4 	Through July 31, 2020, IICO, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class B shares at 1.62%; Class C shares at 1.58%; and Class I shares at 0.61%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

5 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class N shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class I shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

6 	Through July 31, 2020, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

7 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to exclude certain one-time expenses of the Fund.
 

8 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to reflect a change in the Fund’s contractual class waiver.
 

 

74	 	Prospectus	 	Fixed Income Funds
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$510	 	  	 	$691	 	  	 	$887	 	  	 	$1,452	 
Class B Shares

 	 	565	 	  	 	822	 	  	 	1,014	 	  	 	1,787	 
Class C Shares

 	 	161	 	  	 	505	 	  	 	880	 	  	 	1,933	 
Class I Shares

 	 	62	 	  	 	206	 	  	 	375	 	  	 	863	 
Class N Shares

 	 	59	 	  	 	186	 	  	 	324	 	  	 	726	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	89	 	  	 	290	 	  	 	520	 	  	 	1,181	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$510	 	  	 	$691	 	  	 	$887	 	  	 	$1,452	 
Class B Shares

 	 	165	 	  	 	522	 	  	 	914	 	  	 	1,787	 
Class C Shares

 	 	161	 	  	 	505	 	  	 	880	 	  	 	1,933	 
Class I Shares

 	 	62	 	  	 	206	 	  	 	375	 	  	 	863	 
Class N Shares

 	 	59	 	  	 	186	 	  	 	324	 	  	 	726	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	89	 	  	 	290	 	  	 	520	 	  	 	1,181	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund bears transaction costs, such as spreads between bid and asked prices, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 3% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Municipal High Income Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets in a diversified portfolio of municipal bonds. Municipal bonds are obligations issued by or on behalf of states, territories and possessions of the United States (including the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam), the interest on which is excludable from gross income for Federal income tax purposes, although a significant portion of such interest may be an item of tax preference for purposes of the Federal alternative minimum tax (AMT) (Tax Preference Item). (Under 2017 legislation commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, corporations no longer are subject to the AMT for taxable years of the corporation beginning after December 31, 2017.)

The Fund typically invests at least 65% of its total assets in medium- and lower-quality bonds that include bonds rated BBB+ or lower by S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P), or comparably rated by another nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) or, if unrated, determined by IICO to be of comparable quality. Such investments include non-investment grade debt securities, commonly called “high yield” or “junk” bonds, which typically are rated BB+ or lower by S&P or comparably rated by another NRSRO or, if unrated, determined by IICO to be of comparable quality. The Fund may invest up to 100% of its total assets in non-investment grade bonds. Although IICO considers credit ratings in selecting investments for the Fund, IICO bases its investment decision for a particular instrument primarily on its own credit analysis and not on a NRSRO’s credit rating. IICO will consider, among other things, the issuer’s financial resources and operating history, its sensitivity to economic conditions and trends, its debt maturity schedules and borrowing requirements, and relative values based on anticipated cash flow, and interest and asset coverage.

IICO’s view on interest rates largely determines the desired duration of the Fund’s holdings and how to structure the portfolio to achieve a duration target. In current market conditions, the Fund invests primarily in municipal bonds with remaining maturities of 10 to 30 years.

The Fund may invest in higher-quality municipal bonds at times when yield spreads are narrow and IICO believes that the higher yields do not justify the increased risk, and/or when, in the opinion of IICO, there is a lack of medium- and lower-quality bonds in which to invest.

 

Fixed Income Funds	 	Prospectus	 	75
Table of Contents
After conducting a top-down (assessing the market environment) analysis of the municipal high income market, IICO uses a research-oriented, bottom-up (researching individual issuers) credit-by-credit investment approach. IICO considers a number of factors in selecting individual securities for the Fund’s portfolio, including the security’s current coupon, the maturity, relative value and market yield of the security, the creditworthiness of the particular issuer or of the private company involved, the sector in which the security is identified, the structure of the security, including whether it has a call feature, and the state in which the security is issued.

The Fund primarily invests in revenue bonds: revenue bonds are payable only from specific sources, such as the revenue from a particular project, a special tax, lease payments and/or appropriated funds. Revenue bonds include certain private activity bonds (PABs), which finance privately operated facilities. Revenue bonds also include housing bonds that finance pools of single-family home mortgages and student loan bonds that finance pools of student loans, as well as bonds that finance charter schools. Revenue bonds also include tobacco bonds that are issued by state-created special purpose entities as a means to securitize a state’s share of annual tobacco settlement revenues.

The Fund may invest in PABs in general, in revenue bonds payable from revenues derived from similar projects, such as those in the health care, life care, education, transportation and special tax sectors, and in municipal bonds of issuers located in the same geographical area.

Generally, in determining whether to sell a security, IICO uses the same type of analysis that it uses when buying securities to determine whether the security continues to be a desired investment for the Fund, including consideration of the security’s current credit quality. Additionally, IICO may sell a security to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Alternative Minimum Tax Risk. The Fund may invest in municipal bonds the interest on which (and, therefore, any part of Fund dividends attributable to such interest) is a Tax Preference Item. If a Fund shareholder’s AMT liability is increased as a result of such treatment, that would reduce the Fund’s after-tax return to the shareholder. (Under 2017 legislation commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, corporations no longer are subject to the AMT for taxable years of the corporation beginning after December 31, 2017.)
 

∎	 	Credit Risk. An issuer of a fixed-income obligation may not make payments on the obligation when due or may default on its obligation. There also is the risk that an issuer could suffer adverse changes in its financial condition that could lower the credit quality of a security. This could lead to greater volatility in the price of the security, could affect the security’s liquidity, and could make it more difficult to sell. A downgrade or default affecting any of the Fund’s securities could affect the Fund’s performance. In general, the longer the maturity and the lower the credit quality of a bond, the more sensitive it is to credit risk.
 

∎	 	Extension Risk. A rise in interest rates could cause borrowers to pay back the principal on certain debt securities, such as mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities, more slowly than expected, thus lengthening the average life of such securities. This could cause the value of such securities to be more volatile or to decline more than other fixed-income securities, and may magnify the effect of the rate increase on the price of such securities.
 

∎	 	Focus Risk. At times, the Fund may invest in municipal bonds that finance similar types of projects, such as those in health care, life care, education, transportation and special tax sections, and in municipal bonds of issuers located in the same geographical area. A change that affects one project, such as proposed legislation on the financing of the project, a shortage of the materials needed for the project or a declining need for the project, likely would affect all similar projects, thereby increasing market risk.
 

∎	 	Income Risk. The risk that the Fund may experience a decline in its income due to falling interest rates, earnings declines, or income decline within a security. The amount and rate of distributions that the Fund’s shareholders receive are affected by the income that the Fund receives from its portfolio holdings. If the income is reduced, distributions by the Fund to shareholders may be less.
 

∎	 	Interest Rate Risk. A rise in interest rates may cause a decline in the value of the Fund’s securities, especially securities with longer maturities. Typically, the longer the maturity or duration of a debt security, the greater the effect a change in interest rates could have on the security’s price. Thus, the sensitivity of the Fund’s debt securities to interest rate risk will increase with any increase in the duration of those securities. A decline in interest rates may cause the Fund to experience a decline in its income. Interest rates in the U.S. are at, or near, historic lows, which may increase the Fund’s exposure to risks associated with rising rates. The Fund may be subject to heightened interest rate risk as a result of a rise or anticipated rise in interest rates. In addition, a general rise in rates may result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the fixed-income markets generally.
 

∎	 	Liquidity Risk. Generally, a security is liquid if the Fund is able to sell the security at a fair price within a reasonable time. Liquidity generally is related to the market trading volume for a particular security. Illiquid securities may trade at a discount from comparable, more liquid investments, and may be subject to wider fluctuations in market value. Less liquid securities are more difficult to dispose of at their recorded values and are subject to increased spreads and volatility. Also, the Fund may not be able to dispose of illiquid securities when that would be beneficial at a favorable time or price. Certain investments that were liquid when the Fund purchased them may become illiquid, sometimes abruptly.
 

76	 	Prospectus	 	Fixed Income Funds
Table of Contents
∎	 	Low-Rated Securities Risk. In general, low-rated debt securities (commonly referred to as “high yield” or “junk” bonds) offer higher yields due to the increased risk that the issuer will be unable to meet its obligations on interest or principal payments at the time called for by the debt instrument. For this reason, these securities are considered speculative and could significantly weaken the Fund’s returns. In adverse economic or other circumstances, issuers of these low-rated securities and obligations are more likely to have difficulty making principal and interest payments than issuers of higher-rated securities and obligations. In addition, these low-rated securities and obligations may fluctuate more widely in price and yield than higher-rated securities and obligations and may fall in price during times when the economy is weak or is expected to become weak. Issuers of securities that are in default or have defaulted may fail to resume principal or interest payments, in which case the Fund may lose its entire investment. The creditworthiness of issuers of low-rated securities may be more complex to analyze than that of issuers of investment-grade debt securities.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets, including the municipal bond market, and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

∎	 	Political, Legislative or Regulatory Risk. The municipal securities market generally, or certain municipal securities in particular, may be significantly affected by adverse political, legislative or regulatory changes or litigation at the Federal or state level.
 

∎	 	Reinvestment Risk. A decline in interest rates may cause issuers to prepay higher-yielding securities held by the Fund, resulting in the Fund reinvesting in securities with lower yields, which may cause a decline in its income.
 

∎	 	Taxability Risk. The Fund and IICO rely on the opinion of an issuer’s bond counsel that the interest paid on the issuer’s securities will not be subject to Federal income tax. However, after the Fund buys a security backed by such an opinion, distributions by the Fund may become taxable to shareholders due to noncompliant conduct by a bond issuer, unfavorable changes in Federal tax laws, or adverse interpretations of tax laws by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) or other authorities or because of other factors. Such adverse interpretations or actions could cause interest from a security to become taxable, possibly retroactively, subjecting shareholders to increased tax liability. In addition, such adverse interpretations or actions could cause the value of a security, and therefore, the value of the Fund’s shares, to decline.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class I shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of a broad-based securities market index and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

The performance information shown below prior to May 18, 2009 is the performance of the Class Y shares of Waddell & Reed Advisors Municipal High Income Fund (“predecessor fund”), which reorganized as the Class I shares of Ivy Municipal High Income Fund. For that time period, the Fund would have had substantially similar annual returns because the shares would have been invested in a similar portfolio of securities, but would differ to the extent that the Fund has different expenses than the predecessor fund. Performance has not been restated to reflect the estimated annual operating expenses of Ivy Municipal High Income Fund for that time period. If those expenses were reflected, performance shown below would differ.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class I shares, which reflect the returns of Class Y shares of the predecessor fund for certain time periods. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary. Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares may be better than Return Before Taxes due to an assumed tax benefit from losses on a sale of the Fund’s shares at the end of the period.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

 

Fixed Income Funds	 	Prospectus	 	77
Table of Contents
Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 12.98% (the third quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -14.05% (the fourth quarter of 2008). The Class I return for the year through June 30, 2018 was 1.56%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	4.42%	 	  	 	3.29%	 	  	 	5.42%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	4.39%	 	  	 	3.24%	 	  	 	5.12%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	4.40%	 	  	 	3.52%	 	  	 	5.03%	 
Class A (began on 05-18-2009)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-0.28%	 	  	 	2.21%	 	  	 	6.41%	 
Class B (began on 05-18-2009)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-0.53%	 	  	 	2.15%	 	  	 	6.18%	 
Class C (began on 05-18-2009)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	3.51%	 	  	 	2.36%	 	  	 	6.16%	 
Class N (began on 07-05-2017)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	N/A	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	1.86%	 
Class Y (began on 05-18-2009)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	4.22%	 	  	 	3.11%	 	  	 	6.82%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Bloomberg Barclays Municipal High Yield Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	9.69%	 	  	 	4.35%	 	  	 	5.25%	 
Lipper High Yield Municipal Debt Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	7.80%	 	  	 	4.07%	 	  	 	4.42%	 
Morningstar High-Yield Muni Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	7.59%	 	  	 	3.86%	 	  	 	4.34%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Manager

Michael J. Walls, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since May 2009.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in

 

78	 	Prospectus	 	Fixed Income Funds
Table of Contents
Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A and Class C:

  			
To Open an Account

  	 	$750	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

Dividends paid from interest on municipal securities are excludable from gross income for Federal income tax purposes. Dividends paid from interest paid on certain PABs may be a Tax Preference Item and, therefore, increase your AMT liability, if you are subject to the AMT. Distributions from sources other than tax-exempt interest generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.