Ivy Natural Resources Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Natural Resources Fund

Objective

To seek to provide capital growth and appreciation.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	2.50%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value
of your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.54%	 	  	 	1.04%	 	  	 	0.46%	 	  	 	0.96%	 	  	 	0.26%	 	  	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.34%	 	  	 	0.24%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses3

 	 	1.64%	 	  	 	2.89%	 	  	 	2.31%	 	  	 	2.06%	 	  	 	1.11%	 	  	 	0.95%	 	  	 	1.69%	 	  	 	1.34%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement4,5

 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.79%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.64%	 	  	 	2.89%	 	  	 	2.31%	 	  	 	1.27%	 	  	 	1.11%	 	  	 	0.95%	 	  	 	1.69%	 	  	 	1.34%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20. With limited exceptions, for Class E shares, the current $20 account fee for Ivy InvestEd Plan accounts with a balance of less than $25,000 will be assessed annually at the close of business on the second Tuesday of December.
 

3 	Management Fees have been restated, effective January 1, 2018, thereby causing the Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses to not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table.
 

4 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class E shares at 1.27%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

5 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	165
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$732	 	  	 	$1,063	 	  	 	$1,415	 	  	 	$2,407	 
Class B Shares

 	 	692	 	  	 	1,195	 	  	 	1,623	 	  	 	2,917	 
Class C Shares

 	 	234	 	  	 	721	 	  	 	1,235	 	  	 	2,646	 
Class E Shares

 	 	396	 	  	 	865	 	  	 	1,360	 	  	 	2,719	 
Class I Shares

 	 	113	 	  	 	353	 	  	 	612	 	  	 	1,352	 
Class N Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	303	 	  	 	525	 	  	 	1,166	 
Class R Shares

 	 	172	 	  	 	533	 	  	 	918	 	  	 	1,998	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	136	 	  	 	425	 	  	 	734	 	  	 	1,613	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$732	 	  	 	$1,063	 	  	 	$1,415	 	  	 	$2,407	 
Class B Shares

 	 	292	 	  	 	895	 	  	 	1,523	 	  	 	2,917	 
Class C Shares

 	 	234	 	  	 	721	 	  	 	1,235	 	  	 	2,646	 
Class E Shares

 	 	396	 	  	 	865	 	  	 	1,360	 	  	 	2,719	 
Class I Shares

 	 	113	 	  	 	353	 	  	 	612	 	  	 	1,352	 
Class N Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	303	 	  	 	525	 	  	 	1,166	 
Class R Shares

 	 	172	 	  	 	533	 	  	 	918	 	  	 	1,998	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	136	 	  	 	425	 	  	 	734	 	  	 	1,613	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 33% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Natural Resources Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets in equity securities of companies with operations throughout the world that own, explore or develop natural resources and other basic commodities or supply goods and services to such companies.

For these purposes, “natural resources” generally includes, but is not limited to: energy (such as electricity and gas utilities, producers/developers, equipment/services, storage/transportation, gas/oil refining and marketing, service/drilling, pipelines and master limited partnerships (MLPs)), alternative energy (such as uranium, coal, nuclear, hydrogen, wind, solar, fuel cells), industrial products (such as building materials, cement, packaging, chemicals, materials infrastructure, supporting transport and machinery), forest products (such as lumber, plywood, pulp, paper, newsprint, tissue), base metals (such as aluminum, copper, nickel, zinc, iron ore and steel), precious metals and minerals (such as gold, silver, platinum, diamonds), and agricultural products (grains and other foods, seeds, fertilizers, water).

After conducting a top-down (assessing the market environment) market analysis of the natural resources industry and identifying trends and sectors, IICO uses a research-oriented, bottom-up (researching individual issuers) investment approach when selecting securities for the Fund, focusing on company fundamentals and growth prospects. IICO invests in a blend of value and growth companies domiciled throughout the world, and emphasizes companies that it believes are strongly managed and can generate above-average capital growth and appreciation. IICO focuses on companies that it believes are high quality, have the potential for sustainable long-term growth and that are low-cost leaders that possess historically strong-producing assets. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 30 to 50).

Under normal circumstances, IICO anticipates that a significant portion of the Fund’s portfolio will consist of issuers in the energy and materials sectors.

 

166	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
The Fund seeks to be diversified internationally, and therefore, IICO invests in foreign companies and U.S. companies that have principal operations in foreign jurisdictions. While IICO typically seeks to invest a majority of the Fund’s assets in the United States, the Fund may invest up to 100% of its total assets in foreign securities. Exposure to companies in any one particular foreign country typically is less than 20% of the Fund’s total assets. The Fund also may have exposure to companies located in, and/or doing business in, emerging markets.

An investment in foreign securities presents additional risks such as currency fluctuations and political or economic conditions affecting the foreign country. Many of the companies in which the Fund may invest have diverse operations, with products or services in foreign markets. Therefore, the Fund may have indirect exposure to various foreign markets through investments in these companies, even if the Fund is not invested directly in such markets.

The Portfolio may use forward currency contracts in an effort to manage foreign currency exposure.

Generally, in determining whether to sell a security, IICO uses the same type of analysis that it uses in buying securities to determine whether the security has ceased to offer significant growth potential, has sufficiently exceeded its target price, has become overvalued and/or whether the prospects of the issuer have deteriorated. IICO also will consider the effect of commodity price trends on certain holdings, poor capital management or whether a company has experienced a change or deterioration in its fundamentals, its valuation, or its competitive advantage. IICO also may sell a security to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities, to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Commodities Risk. Investments in certain issuers, such as resource extraction and production companies, are sensitive to fluctuations in certain commodity markets, and changes in those markets may cause the Fund’s holdings to lose value. Commodity trading generally is considered speculative because of the significant potential for investment loss. Among the factors that could affect the value of commodities are cyclical economic conditions, weather, embargoes, tariffs, regulatory developments, sudden political events and adverse international monetary policies. Markets for commodities are likely to be volatile and there may be sharp price fluctuations even during periods when prices overall are rising. Moreover, under the Federal tax law, the Fund may not derive more than 10% of its annual gross income from gains (without regard to losses) resulting from selling or otherwise disposing of commodities (and other “non-qualifying” income). Accordingly, the Fund may be required to hold its commodities or to sell them at a loss, or to sell portfolio securities at a gain, when for investment reasons it would not otherwise do so.
 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	Emerging Market Risk. Investments in countries with emerging economies or securities markets may carry greater risk than investments in more developed countries. Political and economic structures in many such countries may be undergoing significant evolution and rapid development, and such countries may lack the social, political and economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. Investments in securities issued in these countries may be more volatile and less liquid than securities issued in more developed countries. Emerging markets are more susceptible to capital controls, governmental interference, local taxes being imposed on international investments, restrictions on gaining access to sales proceeds, and less efficient trading markets.
 

∎	 	Energy Sector Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in energy securities, in addition to other risks, include price fluctuation caused by real and perceived inflationary trends and political developments, the cost assumed in complying with environmental safety regulations, demand of energy fuels, energy conservation, the success of exploration projects, and tax and other governmental regulations.
 

∎	 	Foreign Currency Exchange Transactions and Forward Foreign Currency Contracts Risk. The Fund may use foreign currency exchange transactions and forward foreign currency contracts to hedge certain market risks (such as interest rates, currency exchange rates and broad or specific market movement). These investment techniques involve a number of risks, including the possibility of default by the counterparty to the transaction and, to the extent IICO’s judgment as to certain market movements is incorrect, the risk of losses that are greater than if the investment technique had not been used.
 

∎	 	Foreign Currency Risk. Foreign securities may be denominated in foreign currencies. The value of the Fund’s investments, as measured in U.S. dollars, may be unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and exchange control regulations. Investing in foreign currencies for purposes of gaining from projected changes in exchange rates further increases the Fund’s exposure to foreign investment losses. Currency markets generally are not as regulated as securities markets.
 

∎	 	Foreign Exposure Risk. The securities of many companies may have significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of the company’s operations, products or services in those foreign markets. As a result, a company’s domicile and/or the markets in which the company’s securities trade may not be fully reflective of its sources of revenue. Such securities would be subject to some of the same risks as an investment in foreign securities, including the risk that political and economic events unique to a country or region will adversely affect those markets in which the company’s products or services are sold.
 

∎	 	
Foreign Securities Risk. Investing in foreign securities involves a number of economic, financial, legal, and political considerations that are not associated with the U.S. markets and that could affect the Fund’s performance unfavorably, depending upon the prevailing conditions at any given time. Among these potential risks are: greater price volatility; comparatively weak

 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	167
Table of Contents
 	
supervision and regulation of securities exchanges, brokers and issuers; higher brokerage costs; social, political or economic instability; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and related conversion costs or currency redenomination; nationalization or expropriation of assets; adverse foreign tax consequences; different and/or less stringent financial reporting standards; and settlement, custodial or other operational delays. The risks may be exacerbated in connection with investments in emerging markets. World markets, or those in a particular region, all may react in similar fashion to important economic or political developments. In addition, key information about the issuer, the markets or the local government or economy may be unavailable, incomplete or inaccurate. Securities of issuers traded on exchanges may be suspended, either by the issuers themselves, by an exchange or by governmental authorities. The likelihood of such suspensions may be higher for securities of issuers in emerging markets than in more developed markets. In the event that the Fund holds material positions in such suspended securities, the Fund’s ability to liquidate its positions or provide liquidity to investors may be compromised and the Fund could incur significant losses.

 

∎	 	Growth Stock Risk. Prices of growth stocks may be more sensitive to changes in current or expected earnings than the prices of other stocks. Growth stocks may be more volatile or not perform as well as value stocks or the stock market in general.
 

∎	 	Holdings Risk. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 30 to 50). As a result, the appreciation or depreciation of any one security held by the Fund may have a greater impact on the Fund’s NAV than it would if the Fund invested in a larger number of securities.
 

∎	 	Liquidity Risk. Generally, a security is liquid if the Fund is able to sell the security at a fair price within a reasonable time. Liquidity generally is related to the market trading volume for a particular security. Illiquid securities may trade at a discount from comparable, more liquid investments, and may be subject to wider fluctuations in market value. Less liquid securities are more difficult to dispose of at their recorded values and are subject to increased spreads and volatility. Also, the Fund may not be able to dispose of illiquid securities when that would be beneficial at a favorable time or price. Certain investments that were liquid when the Fund purchased them may become illiquid, sometimes abruptly.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

∎	 	Materials Sector Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in securities in the materials sector, in addition to other risks, include adverse effects from commodity price volatility, exchange rates, import controls and increased competition; the possibility that production of industrial materials will exceed demand as a result of overbuilding or economic downturns, leading to poor investment returns; risk for environmental damage and product liability claims; and adverse effects from depletion of resources, technical progress, labor relations and government regulations.
 

∎	 	Natural Resources Industry Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in securities of natural resources companies, in addition to other risks, include price fluctuation caused by real and perceived inflationary trends and political developments, the cost assumed by natural resource companies in complying with environmental and safety regulations, changes in supply of, or demand for, various natural resources, changes in energy prices, environmental incidents, energy conservation, the success of exploration projects, changes in commodity prices, and special risks associated with natural or man-made disasters. Securities of natural resource companies that are dependent on a single commodity, or are concentrated in a single commodity sector, may exhibit high volatility attributable to commodity prices.
 

∎	 	Sector Risk. At times, the Fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a broadly related group of industries within an economic sector. Individual sectors may be more volatile, and may perform differently, than the broader market. Companies in the same economic sector may be similarly affected by economic or market events, making the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that economic sector than funds that invest more broadly.
 

∎	 	Value Stock Risk. Value stocks are stocks of companies that may have experienced adverse business or industry developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the stocks to be out of favor and, in the opinion of IICO, undervalued. The value of a security believed by IICO to be undervalued may never reach what is believed to be its full value, such security’s value may decrease or such security may be appropriately priced.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of various broad-based securities market indexes and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group

 

168	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
(each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary. Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares may be better than Return Before Taxes due to an assumed tax benefit from losses on a sale of the Fund’s shares at the end of the period.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

Mackenzie Financial Corporation served as the investment subadviser to the Fund until July 1, 2013, at which time IICO, the Fund’s investment manager, assumed direct investment management responsibilities for the Fund.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 31.95% (the second quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -40.91% (the fourth quarter of 2008). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was -2.36%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-3.03%	 	  	 	-2.72%	 	  	 	-5.97%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	-3.03%	 	  	 	-2.72%	 	  	 	-6.57%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	-1.72%	 	  	 	-2.05%	 	  	 	-4.30%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-2.30%	 	  	 	-2.73%	 	  	 	-6.05%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	2.19%	 	  	 	-2.19%	 	  	 	-6.03%	 
Class E

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	0.81%	 	  	 	-1.68%	 	  	 	-5.44%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	3.41%	 	  	 	-1.08%	 	  	 	-4.98%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	3.65%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	-6.53%	 
Class R

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	2.86%	 	  	 	-1.65%	 	  	 	-5.52%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	3.21%	 	  	 	-1.30%	 	  	 	-5.17%	 
 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	169
Table of Contents
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
S&P North American Natural Resources Sector Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) (The Fund’s benchmark changed from the MSCI ACWI IMI 55% Energy + 45% Materials Index, MSCI ACWI IMI Energy Index and MSCI ACWI IMI Materials Index, effective April 30, 2018. IICO believes that the S&P North American Natural Resources Sector Index is more reflective of the types of securities in which the Fund invests than the MSCI ACWI IMI 55% Energy + 45% Materials Index, MSCI ACWI IMI Energy Index and MSCI ACWI IMI Materials Index.)

  	 	1.23%	 	  	 	1.07%	 	  	 	-0.23%	 
MSCI ACWI IMI 55% Energy + 45% Materials Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	15.76%	 	  	 	2.35%	 	  	 	0.03%	 
MSCI ACWI IMI Energy Index (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	5.21%	 	  	 	-0.05%	 	  	 	-1.49%	 
MSCI ACWI IMI Materials Index (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	29.31%	 	  	 	5.00%	 	  	 	1.38%	 
Lipper Global Natural Resources Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	8.73%	 	  	 	0.11%	 	  	 	-4.03%	 
Morningstar Natural Resources Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	12.93%	 	  	 	1.67%	 	  	 	-0.60%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Managers

David P. Ginther, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since July 2013, and Michael T. Wolverton, Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since October 2016.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A, Class C and Class E:

  			
To Open an Account (Class A and Class C)

  	 	$750	 
To Open an Account (Class E)

  	 	$250	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.