Ivy Emerging Markets Equity Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Emerging Markets Equity Fund

Objective

To seek to provide growth of capital.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 (other than for Class T shares) in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. For Class T shares, you may qualify for a sales charge discount if you invest at least $250,000 in Class T shares of the Fund. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class T	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	2.50%	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value
of your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class T	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.87%	 	  	 	0.87%	 	  	 	0.87%	 	  	 	0.87%	 	  	 	0.87%	 	  	 	0.87%	 	  	 	0.87%	 	  	 	0.87%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.32%	 	  	 	0.53%	 	  	 	0.26%	 	  	 	0.23%	 	  	 	0.08%	 	  	 	0.33%	 	  	 	0.08%	 	  	 	0.24%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	1.44%	 	  	 	2.40%	 	  	 	2.13%	 	  	 	1.10%	 	  	 	0.95%	 	  	 	1.70%	 	  	 	1.20%	 	  	 	1.36%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement3, 4

 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.11%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.44%	 	  	 	2.40%	 	  	 	2.13%	 	  	 	0.99%	 	  	 	0.95%	 	  	 	1.70%	 	  	 	1.20%	 	  	 	1.36%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class A shares at 1.58%; Class B shares at 2.50%; and Class I shares and Class N shares at 0.99%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

4 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class T shares and Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$713	 	  	 	$1,004	 	  	 	$1,317	 	  	 	$2,200	 
Class B Shares

 	 	643	 	  	 	1,048	 	  	 	1,380	 	  	 	2,498	 
 

86	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class C Shares

 	 	$216	 	  	 	$667	 	  	 	$1,144	 	  	 	$2,462	 
Class I Shares

 	 	101	 	  	 	339	 	  	 	596	 	  	 	1,330	 
Class N Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	303	 	  	 	525	 	  	 	1,166	 
Class R Shares

 	 	173	 	  	 	536	 	  	 	923	 	  	 	2,009	 
Class T Shares

 	 	369	 	  	 	621	 	  	 	893	 	  	 	1,668	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	138	 	  	 	431	 	  	 	745	 	  	 	1,635	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$713	 	  	 	$1,004	 	  	 	$1,317	 	  	 	$2,200	 
Class B Shares

 	 	243	 	  	 	748	 	  	 	1,280	 	  	 	2,498	 
Class C Shares

 	 	216	 	  	 	667	 	  	 	1,144	 	  	 	2,462	 
Class I Shares

 	 	101	 	  	 	339	 	  	 	596	 	  	 	1,330	 
Class N Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	303	 	  	 	525	 	  	 	1,166	 
Class R Shares

 	 	173	 	  	 	536	 	  	 	923	 	  	 	2,009	 
Class T Shares

 	 	369	 	  	 	621	 	  	 	893	 	  	 	1,668	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	138	 	  	 	431	 	  	 	745	 	  	 	1,635	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 38% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Emerging Markets Equity Fund invests, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets in equity securities, primarily common stock, of companies (i) from countries considered to be emerging market countries or (ii) that are economically linked to emerging market countries. Emerging market countries include, but are not limited to, those considered to be developing by the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the International Finance Corporation or one of the leading global investment banks. IICO has broad discretion to identify other countries that it considers to qualify as emerging market countries. The majority of these countries are likely to be located in Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe, and Africa. The Fund may invest in companies of any size and market capitalization and in companies in any industry. The issuer of a security or other investment generally is deemed to be economically linked to a particular country if: (a) the security or other investment is issued or guaranteed by the government of that country or any of its agencies, authorities or instrumentalities; (b) the issuer is organized under the laws of, and maintains a principal office in, that country; (c) the issuer has its principal securities trading market in that country; (d) the issuer derives 50% or more of its total revenues from goods sold or services performed in that country; (e) the issuer has 50% or more of its assets in that country; or (f) the issuer is included in an index which is representative of that country.

The Fund may invest up to 100% of its total assets in foreign securities and may invest in depositary receipts of foreign issuers. The Fund also may invest up to 20% of its net assets in companies that are not located in, or economically linked to, emerging market countries: (1) if the Fund’s portfolio managers believe that the performance of a company or its industry will be influenced by opportunities in the emerging markets; (2) to maintain exposure to industry segments where the portfolio managers believe there are not satisfactory investment opportunities in emerging market countries; and/or (3) if the portfolio managers believe there is the potential for benefit to the Fund.

IICO utilizes a top-down (assessing the market environment) approach of worldwide analysis in an effort to identify what it believes are the best emerging market countries and sectors for growth, and balances the top-down analysis with a bottom-up (researching individual issuers) stock selection process in an effort to identify stocks that it believes may outperform that market over a one- to three-year time period and are best positioned to maximize their competitive advantage. From a top-down standpoint, IICO seeks to identify current trends or themes which indicate specific industries that have the potential to experience multi-year growth. In addition, IICO performs fundamental research on each country and sector to determine its desirability, focusing on factors such as growth momentum, liquidity in the market, systematic changes, political climate, inflation and foreign exchange rates, fiscal and central bank policies, demographics and any additional factors that could impact the region or sector.

Once IICO has identified these countries and sectors, it then applies a bottom-up analysis to identify specific companies that meet its criteria for investment. Stock selection focuses on what IICO feels are companies with impressive corporate management in sectors that IICO believes are best positioned for the current market environment. Key factors considered by IICO include whether

 

Global/International Funds	 	Prospectus	 	87
Table of Contents
the company possesses attractive long-term earnings growth potential, a strong debt/equity ratio, positive catalysts for change, strong management, superior products, healthy balance sheets and/or good corporate governance. The Fund may invest in “A-Shares” of certain Chinese companies through various “connect programs” with local stock exchanges in China.

In determining whether to sell a security, IICO generally considers whether the security has failed to meet its growth expectations, whether its valuation has exceeded its target, or whether it has lost confidence in management. IICO also may sell a security to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	
Capital Repatriation Risk. Capital repatriation involves the transfer of corporate money or property from a foreign country back to its home country. The repatriation of capital with regard to investments made in certain securities or countries may be restricted during certain times from the date of such investments or even indefinitely. If IICO is unable to repatriate capital from its investments, in whole or in part, this may have an adverse effect on the cash flows and/or performance of the Fund.

 

∎	 	
China Investment Risk. Connect Programs are subject to quota limitations, and an investor cannot purchase and sell the same security on the same trading day, which may restrict the Fund’s ability to invest in China A-shares through the Connect Programs and to enter into or exit trades on a timely basis. Only certain China A-shares are eligible to be accessed through the Connect Programs. Such securities may lose their eligibility at any time, in which case they could be sold, but could no longer be purchased through the Connect Programs. Because the Connect Programs are relatively new, the actual effect on the market for trading China A-shares with the introduction of large numbers of foreign investors is unknown.

Investments in China A-shares may not be covered by the securities investor protection programs of a participating exchange and, without the protection of such programs, will be subject to the risk of default by the broker. Because of the way in which China A-shares are held in a Connect Program, the Fund may not be able to exercise the rights of a shareholder and may be limited in its ability to pursue claims against the issuer of a security. In addition, because all trades of eligible China A-shares must be settled in Renminbi (RMB), the Chinese currency, investors must have timely access to a reliable supply of offshore RMB, which cannot be guaranteed.

 

∎	 	
Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.

 

∎	 	
Depositary Receipts Risk. Investments in depositary receipts (including American Depositary Receipts, European Depositary Receipts and Global Depositary Receipts) generally are subject to the same risks of investing in the foreign securities that they evidence or into which they may be converted.

 

∎	 	
Emerging Market Risk. Investments in countries with emerging economies or securities markets may carry greater risk than investments in more developed countries. Political and economic structures in many such countries may be undergoing significant evolution and rapid development, and such countries may lack the social, political and economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. Investments in securities issued in these countries may be more volatile and less liquid than securities issued in more developed countries. Emerging markets are more susceptible to capital controls, governmental interference, local taxes being imposed on international investments, restrictions on gaining access to sales proceeds, and less efficient trading markets.

 

∎	 	
Financials Sector Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in securities in the financials sector, in addition to other risks, include extensive governmental regulation and/or nationalization that affects the scope of their activities, the prices they can charge and the amount of capital they must maintain; adverse effects from increases in interest rates; effects on profitability by loan losses, which usually increase in economic downturns; the severe competition to which banks, insurance, and financial services companies may be subject; and increased interindustry consolidation and competition in the financials sector. The impact of more stringent capital requirements, recent or future regulation on any individual financial company or recent or future regulation on the financials economic sector as a whole cannot be predicted.

 

∎	 	
Foreign Currency Risk. Foreign securities may be denominated in foreign currencies. The value of the Fund’s investments, as measured in U.S. dollars, may be unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and exchange control regulations. Investing in foreign currencies for purposes of gaining from projected changes in exchange rates further increases the Fund’s exposure to foreign investment losses. Currency markets generally are not as regulated as securities markets.

 

∎	 	
Foreign Securities Risk. Investing in foreign securities involves a number of economic, financial, legal, and political considerations that are not associated with the U.S. markets and that could affect the Fund’s performance unfavorably, depending upon the prevailing conditions at any given time. Among these potential risks are: greater price volatility; comparatively weak supervision and regulation of securities exchanges, brokers and issuers; higher brokerage costs; social, political or economic instability; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and related conversion costs or currency redenomination; nationalization or expropriation of assets; adverse foreign tax consequences; different and/or less stringent financial reporting standards; and settlement, custodial or other operational delays. The risks may be exacerbated in connection with investments in emerging markets. World markets, or those in a particular region, all may react in similar fashion to important economic or political developments. In addition, key information about the issuer, the markets or the local government or economy may be unavailable, incomplete or inaccurate. Securities of issuers traded on exchanges may be suspended, either by the issuers

 

88	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
 	
themselves, by an exchange or by governmental authorities. The likelihood of such suspensions may be higher for securities of issuers in emerging markets than in more developed markets. In the event that the Fund holds material positions in such suspended securities, the Fund’s ability to liquidate its positions or provide liquidity to investors may be compromised and the Fund could incur significant losses.

 

∎	 	Growth Stock Risk. Prices of growth stocks may be more sensitive to changes in current or expected earnings than the prices of other stocks. Growth stocks may be more volatile or not perform as well as value stocks or the stock market in general.
 

∎	 	Information Technology Sector Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in the information technology sector, in addition to other risks, include the intense competition to which information technology companies may be subject; the dramatic and often unpredictable changes in growth rates and competition for qualified personnel among information technology companies; effects on profitability from being heavily dependent on patent and intellectual property rights and the loss or impairment of those rights; obsolescence of existing technology; general economic conditions; and government regulation.
 

∎	 	Large Company Risk. Large-capitalization companies may go in and out of favor based on market and economic conditions. Large-capitalization companies may be unable to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in technology, and also may not be able to attain the high growth rate of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion. Although the securities of larger companies may be less volatile than those of companies with smaller market capitalizations, returns on investments in securities of large-capitalization companies could trail the returns on investments in securities of smaller companies.
 

∎	 	Liquidity Risk. Generally, a security is liquid if the Fund is able to sell the security at a fair price within a reasonable time. Liquidity generally is related to the market trading volume for a particular security. Illiquid securities may trade at a discount from comparable, more liquid investments, and may be subject to wider fluctuations in market value. Less liquid securities are more difficult to dispose of at their recorded values and are subject to increased spreads and volatility. Also, the Fund may not be able to dispose of illiquid securities when that would be beneficial at a favorable time or price. Certain investments that were liquid when the Fund purchased them may become illiquid, sometimes abruptly.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired result and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

∎	 	Mid Size Company Risk. Securities of mid-capitalization companies may be more vulnerable to adverse developments than those of larger companies due to such companies’ limited product lines, limited markets and financial resources and dependence upon a relatively small management group. Securities of mid-capitalization companies may be more volatile and less liquid than the securities of larger companies, and may be affected to a greater extent than other types of securities by the underperformance of a sector or during market downturns.
 

∎	 	Regional Focus Risk. Focusing on a particular geographical region or country involves increased currency, political, regulatory and other risks. To the extent the Fund invests a significant portion of its assets in a particular geographical region or country, economic, political, social and environmental conditions in that region or country will have a greater effect on Fund performance than they would in a more geographically diversified equity fund and the Fund’s performance may be more volatile than the performance of a more geographically diversified fund. See Market Risk.
 

∎	 	Sector Risk. At times, the Fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a broadly related group of industries within an economic sector. Individual sectors may be more volatile, and may perform differently, than the broader market. Companies in the same economic sector may be similarly affected by economic or market events, making the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that economic sector than funds that invest more broadly.
 

∎	 	Small Company Risk. Securities of small-capitalization companies are subject to greater price volatility, lower trading volume and less liquidity due to, among other things, such companies’ small size, limited product lines, limited access to financing sources and limited management depth. In addition, the frequency and volume of trading of such securities may be less than is typical of larger companies, making them subject to wider price fluctuations and such securities may be affected to a greater extent than other types of securities by the underperformance of a sector or during market downturns. In some cases, there could be difficulties in selling securities of small-capitalization companies at the desired time.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of a broad-based securities market index and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a

 

Global/International Funds	 	Prospectus	 	89
Table of Contents
universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

Effective February 11, 2014, the name of the Fund was changed from Ivy Pacific Opportunities Fund to Ivy Emerging Markets Equity Fund, and its strategy was changed to reflect a concentration in emerging markets equity securities. Performance prior to such time reflects the Fund’s former strategy to invest in Pacific region equity securities, and the performance may have differed if the current strategy had been in place.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 39.62% (the second quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -26.75% (the third quarter of 2011). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was -10.25%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	34.29%	 	  	 	7.26%	 	  	 	1.81%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	34.29%	 	  	 	7.13%	 	  	 	1.30%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	19.41%	 	  	 	5.67%	 	  	 	1.23%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	37.14%	 	  	 	7.23%	 	  	 	1.50%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	41.48%	 	  	 	7.66%	 	  	 	1.62%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	43.11%	 	  	 	8.94%	 	  	 	2.89%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	43.25%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	9.45%	 
Class R (began on 12-19-2012)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	42.11%	 	  	 	8.26%	 	  	 	8.56%	 
Class T (began on 07-05-2017)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	N/A	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	14.54%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	42.55%	 	  	 	8.62%	 	  	 	2.60%	 
 

90	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
MSCI Emerging Markets Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	37.28%	 	  	 	4.35%	 	  	 	1.68%	 
Lipper Emerging Markets Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	34.57%	 	  	 	4.26%	 	  	 	1.49%	 
Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	34.98%	 	  	 	4.31%	 	  	 	1.56%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Managers

Jonas Krumplys, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since March 2014, and Aditya Kapoor, Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since January 2017.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes except Class T), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). You may purchase or redeem Class T shares any business day through your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary that has an agreement with IDI to sell Class T shares of the Fund. Not all financial intermediaries make Class T shares available to their customers. Please contact your broker-dealer to sell Class T shares of the Fund. If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A and Class C:

  			
To Open an Account

  	 	$750	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R, Class T and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.