Ivy Asset Strategy Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Asset Strategy Fund

Objective

To seek to provide total return.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	2.50%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value
of your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.63%	 	  	 	0.63%	 	  	 	0.63%	 	  	 	0.63%	 	  	 	0.63%	 	  	 	0.63%	 	  	 	0.63%	 	  	 	0.63%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses3

 	 	0.23%	 	  	 	0.26%	 	  	 	0.24%	 	  	 	0.40%	 	  	 	0.20%	 	  	 	0.13%	 	  	 	0.30%	 	  	 	0.20%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	1.11%	 	  	 	1.89%	 	  	 	1.87%	 	  	 	1.28%	 	  	 	0.83%	 	  	 	0.76%	 	  	 	1.43%	 	  	 	1.08%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement4,5

 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.27%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.11%	6 	  	 	1.89%	6 	  	 	1.87%	6 	  	 	1.01%	6 	  	 	0.83%	6 	  	 	0.76%	6 	  	 	1.43%	6 	  	 	1.08%	6 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20. With limited exceptions, for Class E shares, the current $20 account fee for Ivy InvestEd Plan accounts with a balance of less than $25,000 will be assessed annually at the close of business on the second Tuesday of December.
 

3 	Other Expenses includes the expenses of any wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Fund.
 

4 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class E shares at 1.00%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

5 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

6 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to exclude certain one-time expenses of the Fund.
 

134	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$682	 	  	 	$908	 	  	 	$1,151	 	  	 	$1,849	 
Class B Shares

 	 	592	 	  	 	894	 	  	 	1,121	 	  	 	2,008	 
Class C Shares

 	 	190	 	  	 	588	 	  	 	1,011	 	  	 	2,190	 
Class E Shares

 	 	370	 	  	 	680	 	  	 	1,009	 	  	 	1,933	 
Class I Shares

 	 	85	 	  	 	265	 	  	 	460	 	  	 	1,025	 
Class N Shares

 	 	78	 	  	 	243	 	  	 	422	 	  	 	942	 
Class R Shares

 	 	146	 	  	 	452	 	  	 	782	 	  	 	1,713	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	110	 	  	 	343	 	  	 	595	 	  	 	1,317	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$682	 	  	 	$908	 	  	 	$1,151	 	  	 	$1,849	 
Class B Shares

 	 	192	 	  	 	594	 	  	 	1,021	 	  	 	2,008	 
Class C Shares

 	 	190	 	  	 	588	 	  	 	1,011	 	  	 	2,190	 
Class E Shares

 	 	370	 	  	 	680	 	  	 	1,009	 	  	 	1,933	 
Class I Shares

 	 	85	 	  	 	265	 	  	 	460	 	  	 	1,025	 
Class N Shares

 	 	78	 	  	 	243	 	  	 	422	 	  	 	942	 
Class R Shares

 	 	146	 	  	 	452	 	  	 	782	 	  	 	1,713	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	110	 	  	 	343	 	  	 	595	 	  	 	1,317	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 34% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Asset Strategy Fund seeks to achieve its objective by allocating its assets among different asset classes of varying correlation around the globe. IICO begins its investment process by investing a portion of the Fund’s assets in global equity securities that IICO believes can outperform the Fund’s benchmark index, the MSCI ACWI Index, over a full market cycle (the Equity Sleeve). IICO then invests the Fund’s remaining assets in various additional asset classes, including global fixed-income securities, United States Treasury instruments, precious metals, commodities and cash (the Diversifying Sleeve), which seek to provide returns to the Fund while having less correlation to the Equity Sleeve. IICO may allocate the Fund’s investments among these different asset classes in different proportions at different times, but generally seeks to invest 50% - 80% of the Fund’s total assets (with a long-term target of approximately 65%) in the Equity Sleeve and 20% - 50% of the Fund’s total assets (with a long-term target of approximately 35%) in the Diversifying Sleeve.

In selecting securities for the Fund, IICO primarily emphasizes a bottom-up (researching individual issuers) approach and seeks to find relative value across the asset classes noted above. Part of IICO’s investment process also includes a top-down (assessing the market and economic environment) analysis.

With respect to the Equity Sleeve, IICO seeks what it believes are well-positioned companies with a strong and/or growing sustainable competitive advantage in attractive industries across the globe which IICO believes can exceed current earnings estimates. IICO looks for companies that are taking market share within their industries, which results in high levels of cash, as well as stable to improving margins and returns. IICO generally focuses on companies that are growing, innovating, improving margins, returning capital through dividend growth or share buybacks and/or offering what IICO believes to be sustainable high free cash flow.

 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	135
Table of Contents
Within the Equity Sleeve, the Fund has the flexibility to invest in both growth and value companies. Although the Fund primarily invests in securities issued by large-capitalization companies (typically, companies with market capitalizations of at least $10 billion at the time of acquisition), it may invest in securities issued by companies of any size. The Equity Sleeve typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 50 to 70).

Within the Diversifying Sleeve, the Fund has the flexibility to invest in a wide range of assets that, in IICO’s view, present attractive risk-adjusted returns as compared to the Equity Sleeve, and/or reduce the Fund’s overall risk profile because such assets have less correlation to the assets within the Equity Sleeve. Diversifying assets are comprised of global fixed-income instruments, including investment grade and high yield (or junk) bonds, as well as emerging market, corporate and sovereign bonds and bank loans. Such fixed-income instruments may include a significant amount, up to 35% of the Fund’s total assets, in high-yield/high-risk bonds, or junk bonds, which include bonds rated BB+ or below by S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P), or comparably rated by another nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) or, if unrated, determined by IICO to be of comparable quality. When selecting these instruments, IICO focuses heavily on free cash flow and an issuer’s ability to deleverage itself through the credit cycle. The Fund also can invest in government securities issued by the U.S. Treasury (such as Treasury bills, notes or bonds), obligations issued or guaranteed as to principal and interest (but not as to market value) by the U.S. government, its agencies or instrumentalities, and mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by government agencies or government-sponsored enterprises, as well as Treasury inflation-protected securities (TIPS), and cash.

Within each of the Equity Sleeve and the Diversifying Sleeve, the Fund may invest in U.S. and foreign securities. The Fund generally will invest at least 30% of its assets, and may invest up to 75%, in foreign securities and in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including issuers located in and/or generating revenue from emerging markets. Many of the companies in which the Fund may invest have diverse operations, with products or services in foreign markets. Therefore, the Fund may have indirect exposure to various foreign markets through investments in these companies, even if the Fund is not invested directly in such markets.

IICO may allocate the Fund’s investments among the different types of assets noted above in different proportions at different times (keeping in mind the general percentages noted above) and may exercise a flexible strategy in selecting investments. IICO does not intend to concentrate the Fund in any geographical region or industry sector; however, it is not limited by investment style or by the issuer’s location or industry sector.

Subject to diversification limits, the Fund also may invest up to 10% of its total assets in precious metals. The Fund gains exposure to commodities, including precious metals, derivatives and commodity-linked instruments by investing in a subsidiary organized in the Cayman Islands (Subsidiary). The Subsidiary is wholly owned and controlled by the Fund. The Fund’s investment in the Subsidiary is expected to provide the Fund with exposure to investment returns from commodities, derivatives and commodity-linked instruments within the limits of the Federal tax requirements applicable to regulated investment companies, such as the Fund.

Generally, in determining whether to sell a security within the Equity Sleeve, IICO considers many factors, which may include a deterioration in a company’s fundamentals caused by global-specific factors such as geo-political landscape changes, regulatory or currency changes, or increased competition, as well as company-specific factors, such as reduced pricing power, diminished market opportunity, or increased competition. IICO also may sell a security if the price of the security reaches what IICO believes is fair value, to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities, or to raise cash. Within the Diversifying Sleeve, IICO generally sells assets when, in IICO’s view, such assets no longer have the ability to provide equity-like returns or no longer provide the desired portfolio diversification.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Commodities Risk. Commodity trading, including trading in precious metals, generally is considered speculative because of the significant potential for investment loss. Among the factors that could affect the value of the Fund’s investments in commodities are resource availability, commodity price volatility, speculation in the commodities markets, cyclical economic conditions, sudden political events and adverse international monetary policies. Markets for commodities are likely to be volatile and there may be sharp price fluctuations even during periods when prices overall are rising. Also, the Fund may pay more to store and accurately value its commodity holdings than it does with its other portfolio investments. Moreover, under the Federal tax law, the Fund may not derive more than 10% of its annual gross income from gains (without regard to losses) resulting from selling or otherwise disposing of commodities (and other “non-qualifying” income). Accordingly, the Fund may be required to hold its commodities or to sell them at a loss, or to sell portfolio securities at a gain, when for investment reasons it would not otherwise do so.
 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	
Credit Risk. An issuer of a fixed-income obligation may not make payments on the obligation when due or may default on its obligation. There also is the risk that an issuer could suffer adverse changes in its financial condition that could lower the credit quality of a security. This could lead to greater volatility in the price of the security, could affect the security’s liquidity, and could

 

136	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
 	
make it more difficult to sell. A downgrade or default affecting any of the Fund’s securities could affect the Fund’s performance. In general, the longer the maturity and the lower the credit quality of a bond, the more sensitive it is to credit risk.

 

∎	 	Emerging Market Risk. Investments in countries with emerging economies or securities markets may carry greater risk than investments in more developed countries. Political and economic structures in many such countries may be undergoing significant evolution and rapid development, and such countries may lack the social, political and economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. Investments in securities issued in these countries may be more volatile and less liquid than securities issued in more developed countries. Emerging markets are more susceptible to capital controls, governmental interference, local taxes being imposed on international investments, restrictions on gaining access to sales proceeds, and less efficient trading markets.
 

∎	 	Foreign Currency Risk. Foreign securities may be denominated in foreign currencies. The value of the Fund’s investments, as measured in U.S. dollars, may be unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and exchange control regulations. Investing in foreign currencies for purposes of gaining from projected changes in exchange rates further increases the Fund’s exposure to foreign investment losses. Currency markets generally are not as regulated as securities markets.
 

∎	 	Foreign Exposure Risk. The securities of many companies may have significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of the company’s operations, products or services in those foreign markets. As a result, a company’s domicile and/or the markets in which the company’s securities trade may not be fully reflective of its sources of revenue. Such securities would be subject to some of the same risks as an investment in foreign securities, including the risk that political and economic events unique to a country or region will adversely affect those markets in which the company’s products or services are sold.
 

∎	 	Foreign Securities Risk. Investing in foreign securities involves a number of economic, financial, legal, and political considerations that are not associated with the U.S. markets and that could affect the Fund’s performance unfavorably, depending upon the prevailing conditions at any given time. Among these potential risks are: greater price volatility; comparatively weak supervision and regulation of securities exchanges, brokers and issuers; higher brokerage costs; social, political or economic instability; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and related conversion costs or currency redenomination; nationalization or expropriation of assets; adverse foreign tax consequences; different and/or less stringent financial reporting standards; and settlement, custodial or other operational delays. The risks may be exacerbated in connection with investments in emerging markets. World markets, or those in a particular region, all may react in similar fashion to important economic or political developments. In addition, key information about the issuer, the markets or the local government or economy may be unavailable, incomplete or inaccurate. Securities of issuers traded on exchanges may be suspended, either by the issuers themselves, by an exchange or by governmental authorities. The likelihood of such suspensions may be higher for securities of issuers in emerging markets than in more developed markets. In the event that the Fund holds material positions in such suspended securities, the Fund’s ability to liquidate its positions or provide liquidity to investors may be compromised and the Fund could incur significant losses. Sovereign debt instruments also are subject to the risk that a government or agency issuing the debt may be unable to pay interest and/or repay principal due to cash flow problems, insufficient foreign currency reserves or political concerns. In such instance, the Fund may have limited recourse against the issuing government or agency.
 

∎	 	Growth Stock Risk. Prices of growth stocks may be more sensitive to changes in current or expected earnings than the prices of other stocks. Growth stocks may be more volatile or not perform as well as value stocks or the stock market in general.
 

∎	 	Holdings Risk. The Fund’s Equity Sleeve typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 50 to 70). As a result, the appreciation or depreciation of any one security held by the Fund may have a greater impact on the Fund’s NAV than it would if the Fund’s Equity Sleeve invested in a larger number of securities.
 

∎	 	Interest Rate Risk. A rise in interest rates may cause a decline in the value of the Fund’s securities, especially securities with longer maturities. Typically, the longer the maturity or duration of a debt security, the greater the effect a change in interest rates could have on the security’s price. Thus, the sensitivity of the Fund’s debt securities to interest rate risk will increase with any increase in the duration of those securities. A decline in interest rates may cause the Fund to experience a decline in its income. Interest rates in the U.S. are at, or near, historic lows, which may increase the Fund’s exposure to risks associated with rising rates. The Fund may be subject to heightened interest rate risk as a result of a rise or anticipated rise in interest rates. In addition, a general rise in rates may result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the fixed-income markets generally.
 

∎	 	Large Company Risk. Large-capitalization companies may go in and out of favor based on market and economic conditions. Large-capitalization companies may be unable to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in technology, and also may not be able to attain the high growth rate of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion. Although the securities of larger companies may be less volatile than those of companies with smaller market capitalizations, returns on investments in securities of large-capitalization companies could trail the returns on investments in securities of smaller companies.
 

∎	 	Liquidity Risk. Generally, a security is liquid if the Fund is able to sell the security at a fair price within a reasonable time. Liquidity generally is related to the market trading volume for a particular security. Illiquid securities may trade at a discount from comparable, more liquid investments, and may be subject to wider fluctuations in market value. Less liquid securities are more difficult to dispose of at their recorded values and are subject to increased spreads and volatility. Also, the Fund may not be able to dispose of illiquid securities when that would be beneficial at a favorable time or price. Certain investments that were liquid when the Fund purchased them may become illiquid, sometimes abruptly.
 

∎	 	
Loan Risk. In addition to the risks typically associated with fixed-income securities, loans carry other risks, including the risk of insolvency of the lending bank or other intermediary. The risks associated with loans are similar to the risks of low-rated debt securities or “junk” bonds since loans typically are below investment grade. Loans may be unsecured or not fully collateralized, may be subject to restrictions on resale, may be difficult to value, sometimes trade infrequently on the secondary market and

 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	137
Table of Contents
 	
generally are subject to extended settlement periods. Any of these factors may impair the Fund’s ability to sell or realize promptly the full value of its loans in the event of a need to liquidate such loans. Accordingly, loans that have been sold may not be immediately available to meet redemptions. Extended trade settlement periods may result in cash not being immediately available to the Fund. As a result, the Fund may have to sell other investments or engage in borrowing transactions to raise cash to meet its obligations. Interests in secured loans have the benefit of collateral and, typically, of restrictive covenants limiting the ability of the borrower to further encumber its assets. There is a risk that the value of the collateral securing a loan in which the Fund has an interest may decline and that the collateral may not be sufficient to cover the amount owed on the loan. In the event the borrower defaults, the Fund’s access to the collateral may be limited or delayed by bankruptcy and other insolvency laws. These risks could cause the Fund to lose income or principal on a particular investment, which could affect the Fund’s returns. In addition, loans also are subject to the risk that a court could subordinate the loan to presently existing or future indebtedness or take other action detrimental to the holders of the loan. Further, in the event of a default, second or lower lien secured loans will generally be paid only if the value of the collateral exceeds the amount of the borrower’s obligations to the senior secured lenders, and the remaining collateral may not be sufficient to cover the full amount owed on the loan in which the Fund has an interest. Loans made to finance highly leveraged companies or to finance corporate acquisitions or other transactions may be especially vulnerable to adverse changes in economic or market conditions.

With loan assignments, as an assignee, the Fund normally will succeed to all rights and obligations of its assignor with respect to the portion of the loan that is being assigned. However, the rights and obligations acquired by the purchaser of a loan assignment may differ from, and be more limited than, those held by the original lenders or the assignor. With loan participations, the Fund may not be able to control the exercise of any remedies that the lender would have under the loan and likely would not have any rights against the borrower directly, so that delays and expense may be greater than those that would be involved if the Fund could enforce its rights directly against the borrower.

 

∎	 	Low-Rated Securities Risk. In general, low-rated debt securities (commonly referred to as “high yield” or “junk” bonds) offer higher yields due to the increased risk that the issuer will be unable to meet its obligations on interest or principal payments at the time called for by the debt instrument. For this reason, these bonds are considered speculative and could significantly weaken the Fund’s returns. In adverse economic or other circumstances, issuers of these low-rated securities and obligations are more likely to have difficulty making principal and interest payments than issuers of higher-rated securities and obligations. In addition, these low-rated securities and obligations may fluctuate more widely in price and yield than higher-rated securities and obligations and may fall in price during times when the economy is weak or is expected to become weak. Issuers of securities that are in default or have defaulted may fail to resume principal or interest payments, in which case the Fund may lose its entire investment. The creditworthiness of issuers of low-rated securities may be more complex to analyze than that of issuers of investment-grade debt securities.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

∎	 	Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities Risk. Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities are subject to prepayment risk and extension risk. When interest rates decline, unscheduled prepayments can be expected to accelerate, shortening the average lives of such securities, and the Fund may be required to reinvest the proceeds of the prepayments at the lower interest rates then available. Unscheduled prepayments also would limit the potential for capital appreciation on mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, thereby reducing the Fund’s income. Conversely, when interest rates rise, the values of mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities generally fall. Rising interest rates typically result in decreased prepayments and longer average lives of such securities. This could cause the value of such securities to be more volatile or decline more than other fixed-income securities, and may magnify the effect of the rate increase on the price of such securities.
Certain mortgage-backed securities are U.S. government securities. See U.S. Government Securities Risk for the risks of these types of securities. For non-U.S. government securities, there is the risk that payments on a security will not be made when due, or the value of such security will decline, because the security is not issued or guaranteed as to principal or interest by the U.S. government or by agencies or authorities controlled or supervised by and acting as instrumentalities of the U.S. government or supported by the right of the issuer to borrow from the U.S. government.

 

∎	 	
Subsidiary Investment Risk. By investing in the Subsidiary, the Fund is exposed to the risks associated with the Subsidiary’s investments. The Subsidiary is not registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (1940 Act), and is not subject to all of the investor protections of the 1940 Act. Thus, the Fund, as an investor in the Subsidiary, would not have all of the protections offered to investors in registered investment companies. However, because the Fund wholly owns and controls the Subsidiary, and the Fund and Subsidiary are managed by IICO, it is unlikely that the Subsidiary would take action contrary to the interests of the Fund or the Fund’s shareholders. In addition, changes in the laws of the United States and/or the Cayman Islands,

 

138	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
 	
under which the Fund and the Subsidiary are organized, respectively, could result in the inability of the Fund and/or the Subsidiary to operate as intended and could negatively affect the Fund and its shareholders. Although, under the Federal tax law, the Fund may not derive more than 10% of its annual gross income from gains resulting from selling or otherwise disposing of commodities (and other “non-qualifying” income), the Fund has received an opinion of counsel, which is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, that income the Fund receives from the Subsidiary should constitute “qualifying” income.

 

∎	 	U.S. Government Securities Risk. Certain U.S. government securities, such as U.S. Treasury (Treasury) securities and securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. Other U.S. government securities, such as securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) and the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLB), are not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government and, instead, may be supported only by the credit of the issuer or by the right of the issuer to borrow from the Treasury.
 

∎	 	Value Stock Risk. Value stocks are stocks of companies that may have experienced adverse business or industry developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the stocks to be out of favor and, in the opinion of IICO, undervalued. The value of a security believed by IICO to be undervalued may never reach what is believed to be its full value; such security’s value may decrease or such security may be appropriately priced.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of various broad-based securities market indexes and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 14.29% (the first quarter of 2012) and the lowest quarterly return was -19.20% (the third quarter of 2011). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was 1.38%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	11.54%	 	  	 	2.67%	 	  	 	2.39%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	10.78%	 	  	 	1.42%	 	  	 	1.32%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	7.14%	 	  	 	2.03%	 	  	 	1.69%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	13.49%	 	  	 	2.96%	 	  	 	2.35%	 
 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	139
Table of Contents
as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	17.54%	 	  	 	3.16%	 	  	 	2.24%	 
Class E

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	15.61%	 	  	 	3.39%	 	  	 	2.72%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	18.76%	 	  	 	4.16%	 	  	 	3.24%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	18.87%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	0.11%	 
Class R (began on 07-31-2008)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	18.04%	 	  	 	3.54%	 	  	 	3.24%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	18.45%	 	  	 	3.91%	 	  	 	3.00%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
MSCI ACWI Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) (The Fund’s benchmark changed from the S&P 500 Index, Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index and Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Treasury Bills: 1-3 Month Index, effective February 6, 2018. IICO believes that the MSCI ACWI Index is more reflective of the types of securities in which the Fund invests than the S&P 500 Index, Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index and Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Treasury Bills: 1-3 Month Index.)

  	 	23.97%	 	  	 	10.80%	 	  	 	4.65%	 
S&P 500 Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	21.83%	 	  	 	15.79%	 	  	 	8.50%	 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	3.54%	 	  	 	2.10%	 	  	 	4.01%	 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Treasury Bills: 1-3 Month Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	0.81%	 	  	 	0.23%	 	  	 	0.34%	 
Lipper Alternative Global Macro Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	10.09%	 	  	 	3.04%	 	  	 	3.00%	 
Morningstar World Allocation Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	14.25%	 	  	 	5.79%	 	  	 	4.03%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Managers

F. Chace Brundige, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since August 2014, and W. Jeffery Surles, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since February 2018.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

 

140	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A, Class C and Class E:

  			
To Open an Account (Class A and Class C)

  	 	$750	 
To Open an Account (Class E)

  	 	$250	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.