Ivy Global Income Allocation Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Global Income Allocation Fund

Objective

To seek to provide total return through a combination of current income and capital appreciation.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	2.50%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value
of your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.70%	 	  	 	0.70%	 	  	 	0.70%	 	  	 	0.70%	 	  	 	0.70%	 	  	 	0.70%	 	  	 	0.70%	 	  	 	0.70%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.30%	 	  	 	0.42%	 	  	 	0.19%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.24%	 	  	 	0.08%	 	  	 	0.33%	 	  	 	0.23%	 
Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses3

 	 	0.17%	 	  	 	0.17%	 	  	 	0.17%	 	  	 	0.17%	 	  	 	0.17%	 	  	 	0.17%	 	  	 	0.17%	 	  	 	0.17%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses4

 	 	1.42%	 	  	 	2.29%	 	  	 	2.06%	 	  	 	1.63%	 	  	 	1.11%	 	  	 	0.95%	 	  	 	1.70%	 	  	 	1.35%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement5,6

 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.15%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.01%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.42%	 	  	 	2.29%	 	  	 	2.06%	 	  	 	1.48%	 	  	 	1.11%	 	  	 	0.95%	 	  	 	1.70%	 	  	 	1.34%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20. With limited exceptions, for Class E shares, the current $20 account fee for Ivy InvestEd Plan accounts with a balance of less than $25,000 will be assessed annually at the close of business on the second Tuesday of December.
 

3 	Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses sets forth the Fund’s pro rata portion of the cumulative expenses charged by the business development companies (BDCs) in which the Fund invested during the last fiscal year. The actual Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses will vary with changes in the allocations of the Fund’s assets. The Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses shown are based on the total expense ratio of each BDC for the BDC’s most recent fiscal period. These expenses are not direct costs paid by Fund shareholders, and are not used to calculate the Fund’s NAV.
 

4 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because that ratio does not include the Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses.
 

5 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class E shares at 1.31%; and Class Y shares at 1.17%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

6 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

Global/International Funds	 	Prospectus	 	109
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$711	 	  	 	$998	 	  	 	$1,307	 	  	 	$2,179	 
Class B Shares

 	 	632	 	  	 	1,015	 	  	 	1,325	 	  	 	2,407	 
Class C Shares

 	 	209	 	  	 	646	 	  	 	1,108	 	  	 	2,390	 
Class E Shares

 	 	417	 	  	 	797	 	  	 	1,201	 	  	 	2,322	 
Class I Shares

 	 	113	 	  	 	353	 	  	 	612	 	  	 	1,352	 
Class N Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	303	 	  	 	525	 	  	 	1,166	 
Class R Shares

 	 	173	 	  	 	536	 	  	 	923	 	  	 	2,009	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	136	 	  	 	427	 	  	 	738	 	  	 	1,623	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$711	 	  	 	$998	 	  	 	$1,307	 	  	 	$2,179	 
Class B Shares

 	 	232	 	  	 	715	 	  	 	1,225	 	  	 	2,407	 
Class C Shares

 	 	209	 	  	 	646	 	  	 	1,108	 	  	 	2,390	 
Class E Shares

 	 	417	 	  	 	797	 	  	 	1,201	 	  	 	2,322	 
Class I Shares

 	 	113	 	  	 	353	 	  	 	612	 	  	 	1,352	 
Class N Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	303	 	  	 	525	 	  	 	1,166	 
Class R Shares

 	 	173	 	  	 	536	 	  	 	923	 	  	 	2,009	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	136	 	  	 	427	 	  	 	738	 	  	 	1,623	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 42% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Global Income Allocation Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing in equity and debt securities issued by companies and governments, of any size, which IICO believes will be able to generate a reasonable level of current income for investors given current market conditions and that demonstrate favorable prospects for total return.

Under normal market conditions, the Fund invests primarily in income-producing securities across the globe. Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 40% (or, if IICO deems it warranted by market conditions, at least 30%) of its total assets in securities of non-U.S. issuers. The Fund may invest in U.S. and non-U.S. issuers (including depositary receipts of foreign issuers) and may invest up to 100% of its total assets in foreign securities. In an attempt to enhance return, the Fund also may invest, to a lesser extent, in securities not currently providing income or in companies and governments in countries with new or comparatively undeveloped and emerging economies. The Fund has the ability to invest across all aspects of a company’s capital structure.

The Fund ordinarily invests at least 35% of its total assets in equity securities. With regard to the Fund’s equity portion, the Fund focuses on companies located largely in developed markets that IICO believes have the ability to maintain and/or grow their dividends while providing capital appreciation over the long term, and invests in a variety of economic sectors and industry segments to seek to reduce the effects of price volatility in any one area. IICO seeks to determine the most appropriate sectors and geographies to benefit from its top-down analysis and then seeks to find what it believes are reasonably-valued companies with improving returns on capital, growth prospects, sound balance sheets and steady cash generation. IICO also considers several other factors, which typically include the company’s history of fundamentals, management proficiency, competitive environment and relative valuation.

IICO combines a top-down (assessing the market environment), macro approach with a bottom-up (researching individual issuers) stock selection process, and uses a combination of country analysis (economic growth, money flows, business cycle, interest rates,

 

110	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
political climate, and currencies), sector and industry dynamics (growth opportunities, competitive dynamics, cyclical sensitivity, and economic returns), and individual stock selection (return on invested capital, strong cash flow, dividend growth and yield, lower leverage, strengthening fundamentals, sound balance sheets, solid or improving competitive advantage, higher expected returns, relative valuation and improving growth prospects) in composing the equity portfolio.

Under normal market conditions, the Fund invests the equity portion of the Fund primarily in dividend-paying equity securities across the globe, mostly in dividend-paying common stocks. Although the equity portion of the Fund may invest in companies of any size, it typically has more exposure to large-capitalization issuers. In addition, although the equity portion may invest in both value and growth-oriented companies, the Fund tends to have more exposure to value-oriented companies due to the types of companies in which the Fund invests.

The Fund ordinarily invests at least 25% of its total assets in fixed-income securities, which may include loan participations and other loan instruments, and may invest up to 35% of its total assets in non-investment grade (i.e., low-rated) debt securities. After analyzing interest rate, currency and economic conditions, IICO selects debt securities based on its judgment as to which securities are more likely to perform well under those conditions. IICO also considers the credit quality, coupon, maturity, duration, cash flow and issuer fundamentals of each debt security. In selecting debt securities, IICO has flexibility regarding bond type, quality, currency, country and maturity.

The Fund considers the risk and reward trade-off among equities, fixed-income and cash in an effort to maximize total return through a combination of current income and capital appreciation. The allocation among asset classes is determined through a balance between a top-down outlook for the global economy and relative valuation. Thematic considerations are used both when determining asset allocation and in helping to decide sector and geographical focuses for the Fund.

Many of the companies in which the Fund may invest have diverse operations, with products or services in foreign markets. Therefore, the Fund may have indirect exposure to various additional foreign markets through investments in these companies, even if the Fund is not invested directly in such markets.

Generally, in determining whether to sell an equity or a debt security, IICO uses the same type of analysis that it uses in buying securities of that type. For example, IICO may sell a security if it believes the security no longer offers attractive current income prospects or significant growth potential, if it believes the leadership of the company or government has weakened, and/or there exists political or economic instability in the issuer’s country. IICO also may sell a security to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	Credit Risk. An issuer of a fixed-income obligation may not make payments on the obligation when due or may default on its obligation. There also is the risk that an issuer could suffer adverse changes in its financial condition that could lower the credit quality of a security. This could lead to greater volatility in the price of the security, could affect the security’s liquidity, and could make it more difficult to sell. A downgrade or default affecting any of the Fund’s securities could affect the Fund’s performance. In general, the longer the maturity and the lower the credit quality of a bond, the more sensitive it is to credit risk.
 

∎	 	Depositary Receipts Risk. Investments in depositary receipts (including American Depositary Receipts, European Depositary Receipts and Global Depositary Receipts) generally are subject to the same risks of investing in the foreign securities that they evidence or into which they may be converted.
 

∎	 	Dividend-Paying Stock Risk. Dividend-paying stocks may fall out of favor with investors and underperform non-dividend paying stocks and the market as a whole over any period of time. In addition, there is no guarantee that the companies in which the Fund invests will declare dividends in the future or that dividends, if declared, will remain at current levels or increase over time. The amount of any dividend a company may pay may fluctuate significantly. In addition, the value of dividend-paying common stocks can decline when interest rates rise as other investments become more attractive to investors. This risk may be greater due to the current period of historically low interest rates.
 

∎	 	Emerging Market Risk. Investments in countries with emerging economies or securities markets may carry greater risk than investments in more developed countries. Political and economic structures in many such countries may be undergoing significant evolution and rapid development, and such countries may lack the social, political and economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. Investments in securities issued in these countries may be more volatile and less liquid than securities issued in more developed countries. Emerging markets are more susceptible to capital controls, governmental interference, local taxes being imposed on international investments, restrictions on gaining access to sales proceeds, and less efficient trading markets.
 

∎	 	
Financials Sector Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in securities in the financials sector, in addition to other risks, include extensive governmental regulation and/or nationalization that affects the scope of their activities, the prices they can charge and the amount of capital they must maintain; adverse effects from increases in interest rates; effects on profitability by loan losses, which usually increase in economic downturns; the severe competition to which banks, insurance, and financial

 

Global/International Funds	 	Prospectus	 	111
Table of Contents
 	
services companies may be subject; and increased interindustry consolidation and competition in the financials sector. The impact of more stringent capital requirements, recent or future regulation on any individual financial company or recent or future regulation on the financials economic sector as a whole cannot be predicted.

 

∎	 	Foreign Currency Risk. Foreign securities may be denominated in foreign currencies. The value of the Fund’s investments, as measured in U.S. dollars, may be unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and exchange control regulations. Investing in foreign currencies for purposes of gaining from projected changes in exchange rates further increases the Fund’s exposure to foreign investment losses. Currency markets generally are not as regulated as securities markets.
 

∎	 	Foreign Exposure Risk. The securities of many companies may have significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of the company’s operations, products or services in those foreign markets. As a result, a company’s domicile and/or the markets in which the company’s securities trade may not be fully reflective of its sources of revenue. Such securities would be subject to some of the same risks as an investment in foreign securities, including the risk that political and economic events unique to a country or region will adversely affect those markets in which the company’s products or services are sold.
 

∎	 	Foreign Securities Risk. Investing in foreign securities involves a number of economic, financial legal, and political considerations that are not associated with the U.S. markets and that could affect the Fund’s performance unfavorably, depending upon the prevailing conditions at any given time. Among these potential risks are: greater price volatility; comparatively weak supervision and regulation of securities exchanges, brokers and issuers; higher brokerage costs; social, political or economic instability; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and related conversion costs or currency redenomination; nationalization or expropriation of assets; adverse foreign tax consequences; different and/or less stringent financial reporting standards; and settlement, custodial or other operational delays. The risks may be exacerbated in connection with investments in emerging markets. World markets, or those in a particular region, all may react in similar fashion to important economic or political developments. In addition, key information about the issuer, the markets or the local government or economy may be unavailable, incomplete or inaccurate. Securities of issuers traded on exchanges may be suspended, either by the issuers themselves, by an exchange or by governmental authorities. The likelihood of such suspensions may be higher for securities of issuers in emerging markets than in more developed markets. In the event that the Fund holds material positions in such suspended securities, the Fund’s ability to liquidate its positions or provide liquidity to investors may be compromised and the Fund could incur significant losses. Sovereign debt instruments also are subject to the risk that a government or agency issuing the debt may be unable to pay interest and/or repay principal due to cash flow problems, insufficient foreign currency reserves or political concerns. In such instance, the Fund may have limited recourse against the issuing government or agency.
 

∎	 	Interest Rate Risk. A rise in interest rates may cause a decline in the value of the Fund’s securities, especially securities with longer maturities. Typically, the longer the maturity or duration of a debt security, the greater the effect a change in interest rates could have on the security’s price. Thus, the sensitivity of the Fund’s debt securities to interest rate risk will increase with any increase in the duration of those securities. A decline in interest rates may cause the Fund to experience a decline in its income. Interest rates in the U.S. are at, or near, historic lows, which may increase the Fund’s exposure to risks associated with rising rates. The Fund may be subject to heightened interest rate risk as a result of a rise or anticipated rise in interest rates. In addition, a general rise in rates may result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the fixed-income markets generally.
 

∎	 	Large Company Risk. Large-capitalization companies may go in and out of favor based on market and economic conditions. Large-capitalization companies may be unable to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in technology, and also may not be able to attain the high growth rate of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion. Although the securities of larger companies may be less volatile than those of companies with smaller market capitalizations, returns on investments in securities of large-capitalization companies could trail the returns on investments in securities of smaller companies.
 

∎	 	Loan Risk. In addition to the risks typically associated with fixed-income securities, loans carry other risks, including the risk of insolvency of the lending bank or other intermediary. The risks associated with loans are similar to the risks of low-rated debt securities or “junk” bonds since loans typically are below investment grade. Loans may be unsecured or not fully collateralized, may be subject to restrictions on resale, may be difficult to value, sometimes trade infrequently on the secondary market and generally are subject to extended settlement periods. Any of these Factors may impair the Fund’s ability to sell or realize the full value of its loans in the event of a need to liquidate such loans. Accordingly, loans that have been sold may not be immediately available to meet redemptions. Extended trade settlement periods may result in cash not being immediately available to the Fund. As a result, the Fund may have to sell other investments or engage in borrowing transactions to raise cash to meet its obligations. Interests in secured loans have the benefit of collateral and, typically, of restrictive covenants limiting the ability of the borrower to further encumber its assets. There is a risk that the value of the collateral securing a loan in which the Fund has an interest may decline and that the collateral may not be sufficient to cover the amount owed on the loan. In the event the borrower defaults, the Fund’s access to the collateral may be limited or delayed by bankruptcy and other insolvency laws. These risks could cause the Fund to lose income or principal on a particular investment, which could affect the Fund’s returns. In addition, loans also are subject to the risk that a court could subordinate the loan to presently existing or future indebtedness or take other action detrimental to the holders of the loan. Further, in the event of a default, second or lower lien secured loans will generally be paid only if the value of the collateral exceeds the amount of the borrower’s obligations to the senior secured lenders, and the remaining collateral may not be sufficient to cover the full amount owed on the loan in which the Fund has an interest. Loans made to finance highly leveraged companies or to finance corporate acquisitions or other transactions may be especially vulnerable to adverse changes in economic or market conditions.
With loan assignments, as an assignee, the Fund normally will succeed to all rights and obligations of its assignor with respect to the portion of the loan that is being assigned. However, the rights and obligations acquired by the purchaser of a loan assignment may differ from, and be more limited than, those held by the original lenders or the assignor. With loan participations, the Fund

 

112	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
may not be able to control the exercise of any remedies that the lender would have under the loan and likely would not have any rights against the borrower directly, so that delays and expense may be greater than those that would be involved if the Fund could enforce its rights directly against the borrower

 

∎	 	Low-Rated Securities Risk. In general, low-rated debt securities (commonly referred to as “high yield” or “junk” bonds) offer higher yields due to the increased risk that the issuer will be unable to meet its obligations on interest or principal payments at the time called for by the debt instrument. For this reason, these securities are considered speculative and could significantly weaken the Fund’s returns. In adverse economic or other circumstances, issuers of these low-rated securities and obligations are more likely to have difficulty making principal and interest payments than issuers of higher-rated securities and obligations. In addition, these low-rated securities and obligations may fluctuate more widely in price and yield than higher-rated securities and obligations and may fall in price during times when the economy is weak or is expected to become weak. Issuers of securities that are in default or have defaulted may fail to resume principal or interest payments, in which case the Fund may lose its entire investment. The creditworthiness of issuers of low-rated securities may be more complex to analyze than that of issuers of investment-grade debt securities.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

∎	 	Reinvestment Risk. A decline in interest rates may cause issuers to prepay higher-yielding securities held by the Fund, resulting in the Fund reinvesting in securities with lower yields, which may cause a decline in its income.
 

∎	 	Sector Risk. At times, the Fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a broadly related group of industries within an economic sector. Individual sectors may be more volatile, and may perform differently, than the broader market. Companies in the same economic sector may be similarly affected by economic or market events, making the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that economic sector than funds that invest more broadly.
 

∎	 	Value Stock Risk. Value stocks are stocks of companies that may have experienced adverse business or industry developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the stocks to be out of favor and, in the opinion of IICO, undervalued. The value of a security believed by IICO to be undervalued may never reach what is believed to be its full value; such security’s value may decrease or such security may be appropriately priced.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of broad-based securities market indexes and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC served as the investment subadviser to the Fund until April 15, 2009, at which time IICO, the Fund’s investment manager, assumed direct investment management responsibilities for the Fund.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

 

Global/International Funds	 	Prospectus	 	113
Table of Contents
Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 19.24% (the second quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -15.82% (the fourth quarter of 2008). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was -1.77%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	7.18%	 	  	 	4.50%	 	  	 	2.51%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	5.96%	 	  	 	3.29%	 	  	 	1.49%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	4.50%	 	  	 	3.15%	 	  	 	1.71%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	8.75%	 	  	 	4.64%	 	  	 	2.33%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	13.06%	 	  	 	5.07%	 	  	 	2.45%	 
Class E

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	10.87%	 	  	 	5.16%	 	  	 	2.84%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	14.12%	 	  	 	6.13%	 	  	 	3.56%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	14.30%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	4.26%	 
Class R (began on 12-19-2012)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	13.45%	 	  	 	5.50%	 	  	 	5.43%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	13.92%	 	  	 	5.89%	 	  	 	3.28%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	
10 Years

(or Life of
Class)

 
60% FTSE All-World High Dividend Yield Index + 40% Bloomberg Barclays Global Credit Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) (Life of Class index comparison begins on March 25, 2008) (The Fund’s benchmark changed from the 60% MSCI World High Dividend Yield Index + 40% Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index, effective April 30, 2018. IICO believes that the 60% FTSE All-World High Dividend Yield Index + 40% Bloomberg Barclays Global Credit Index is more reflective of the types of securities in which the Fund invests than the 60% MSCI World High Dividend Yield Index + 40% Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index.)

  	 	14.96%	 	  	 	6.25%	 	  	 	4.76%	 
60% MSCI World High Dividend Yield Index + 40% Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	13.87%	 	  	 	6.02%	 	  	 	3.91%	 
FTSE All-World High Dividend Yield Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) (Life of Class index comparison begins on March 25, 2008) (The Fund’s benchmark changed from the MSCI World High Dividend Yield Index, effective April 30, 2018. IICO believes that the FTSE All-World High Dividend Yield Index is more reflective of the types of securities in which the Fund invests than the MSCI World High Dividend Yield Index.)

  	 	18.94%	 	  	 	8.43%	 	  	 	4.51%	 
MSCI World High Dividend Yield Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	18.14%	 	  	 	9.32%	 	  	 	3.87%	 
 

114	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	
10 Years

(or Life of
Class)

 
Bloomberg Barclays Global Credit Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) (Life of Class index comparison begins on March 25, 2008) (The Fund’s benchmark changed from the Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index, effective April 30, 2018. IICO believes that the Bloomberg Barclays Global Credit Index is more reflective of the types of securities in which the Fund invests than the Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index.)

  	 	9.20%	 	  	 	2.86%	 	  	 	4.62%	 
Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	7.68%	 	  	 	1.03%	 	  	 	3.29%	 
Lipper Flexible Portfolio Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	12.70%	 	  	 	6.14%	 	  	 	4.43%	 
Morningstar World Allocation Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	14.25%	 	  	 	5.79%	 	  	 	4.03%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Manager

W. Jeffery Surles, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since June 2012.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A, Class C and Class E:

  			
To Open an Account (Class A and Class C)

  	 	$750	 
To Open an Account (Class E)

  	 	$250	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.