Ivy Securian Core Bond Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Securian Core Bond Fund

Objective

To seek to provide current income consistent with preservation of capital.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	2.50%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value
of your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 	  	 	0.51%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.31%	 	  	 	0.48%	 	  	 	0.29%	 	  	 	0.48%	 	  	 	0.23%	 	  	 	0.07%	 	  	 	0.31%	 	  	 	0.22%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	1.07%	 	  	 	1.99%	 	  	 	1.80%	 	  	 	1.24%	 	  	 	0.74%	 	  	 	0.58%	 	  	 	1.32%	 	  	 	0.98%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement3,4

 	 	0.03%	 	  	 	0.03%	 	  	 	0.03%	 	  	 	0.23%	 	  	 	0.20%	 	  	 	0.04%	 	  	 	0.03%	 	  	 	0.03%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement5

 	 	1.04%	 	  	 	1.96%	 	  	 	1.77%	 	  	 	1.01%	6 	  	 	0.54%	 	  	 	0.54%	 	  	 	1.29%	 	  	 	0.95%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20. With limited exceptions, for Class E shares, the current $20 account fee for Ivy InvestEd Plan accounts with a balance of less than $25,000 will be assessed annually at the close of business on the second Tuesday of December.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class E shares at 1.01%; and Class I shares and Class N shares at 0.54%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

4 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

5 	Due to a separate contractual class waiver, certain common expenses applicable to all share classes also may be waived to cap total annual ordinary fund operating expenses, which may serve to reduce the expense ratio of certain share classes.
 

6 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to reflect a change in the Fund’s contractual class waiver.
 

80	 	Prospectus	 	Fixed Income Funds
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the periods indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$675	 	  	 	$893	 	  	 	$1,128	 	  	 	$1,803	 
Class B Shares

 	 	599	 	  	 	922	 	  	 	1,170	 	  	 	2,076	 
Class C Shares

 	 	180	 	  	 	563	 	  	 	972	 	  	 	2,113	 
Class E Shares

 	 	370	 	  	 	671	 	  	 	992	 	  	 	1,893	 
Class I Shares

 	 	55	 	  	 	216	 	  	 	392	 	  	 	900	 
Class N Shares

 	 	55	 	  	 	182	 	  	 	320	 	  	 	722	 
Class R Shares

 	 	131	 	  	 	415	 	  	 	721	 	  	 	1,588	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	309	 	  	 	539	 	  	 	1,199	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$675	 	  	 	$893	 	  	 	$1,128	 	  	 	$1,803	 
Class B Shares

 	 	199	 	  	 	622	 	  	 	1,070	 	  	 	2,076	 
Class C Shares

 	 	180	 	  	 	563	 	  	 	972	 	  	 	2,113	 
Class E Shares

 	 	370	 	  	 	671	 	  	 	992	 	  	 	1,893	 
Class I Shares

 	 	55	 	  	 	216	 	  	 	392	 	  	 	900	 
Class N Shares

 	 	55	 	  	 	182	 	  	 	320	 	  	 	722	 
Class R Shares

 	 	131	 	  	 	415	 	  	 	721	 	  	 	1,588	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	97	 	  	 	309	 	  	 	539	 	  	 	1,199	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund bears transaction costs, such as spreads between bid and asked prices, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 163% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Securian Core Bond Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets in bonds (for this purpose, “bonds” includes any debt security with an initial maturity greater than one year). The Fund invests in a variety of primarily investment-grade debt securities (including bonds rated BBB- or higher by S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P), or comparably rated by another nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) or, if unrated, determined by IICO, or Securian Asset Management, Inc. (Securian AM), the Fund’s subadviser, to be of comparable quality), which include corporate debt securities, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, debt securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or any of its agencies or instrumentalities (U.S. government securities) and other asset-backed securities. Certain of the mortgage-backed securities in which the Fund may invest are not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government and, like other asset-backed securities in which the Fund may invest, may be backed only by the pool of assets pledged as security for the transaction. The Fund has no limitations regarding the maturity, duration or dollar-weighted average of its holdings, may invest in debt securities with varying maturities and invests primarily in debt securities issued by domestic companies, in a variety of sectors and industries.

Although the Fund invests primarily in investment-grade debt securities, it may invest up to 20% of its total assets in non-investment grade debt securities, commonly called “high yield” or “junk” bonds, that include bonds rated BB+ or lower by S&P, or comparably rated by another NRSRO or, if unrated, determined by IICO or Securian AM to be of comparable quality.

In selecting securities for the Fund, Securian AM uses a bottom-up (researching individual issuers), fundamental approach by focusing on security selection and sector allocation. Securian AM focuses on relative value trading among fixed-income securities, and considers factors such as security pricing, industry outlook, current and anticipated market and economic conditions, general levels of debt prices and issuer operations. Securian AM’s investment process also includes a top-down (assessing the market

 

Fixed Income Funds	 	Prospectus	 	81
Table of Contents
environment) overlay for portfolio and risk management that considers factors such as economic growth, inflation expectations, business sentiment, fiscal and monetary policy, global growth and the credit cycle, among other factors.

Generally, in determining whether to sell a security, Securian AM uses the same type of analysis that it uses in buying securities, including review of the security’s valuation and the issuer’s creditworthiness. Securian AM also may sell a security in light of interest rate expectations, changes in credit spreads, if the issuer’s investment thesis is no longer valid, to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	Credit Risk. An issuer of a fixed-income obligation may not make payments on the obligation when due or may default on its obligation. There also is the risk that an issuer could suffer adverse changes in its financial condition that could lower the credit quality of a security. This could lead to greater volatility in the price of the security, could affect the security’s liquidity, and could make it more difficult to sell. A downgrade or default affecting any of the Fund’s securities could affect the Fund’s performance. In general, the longer the maturity and the lower the credit quality of a bond, the more sensitive it is to credit risk.
 

∎	 	Extension Risk. A rise in interest rates could cause borrowers to pay back the principal on certain debt securities, such as mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities, more slowly than expected, thus lengthening the average life of such securities. This could cause the value of such securities to be more volatile or to decline more than other fixed-income securities, and may magnify the effect of the rate increase on the price of such securities.
 

∎	 	Income Risk. The risk that the Fund may experience a decline in its income due to falling interest rates, earnings declines, or income decline within a security. The amount and rate of distributions that the Fund’s shareholders receive are affected by the income that the Fund receives from its portfolio holdings. If the income is reduced, distributions by the Fund to shareholders may be less.
 

∎	 	Interest Rate Risk. A rise in interest rates may cause a decline in the value of the Fund’s securities, especially securities with longer maturities. Typically, the longer the maturity or duration of a debt security, the greater the effect a change in interest rates could have on the security’s price. Thus, the sensitivity of the Fund’s debt securities to interest rate risk will increase with any increase in the duration of those securities. A decline in interest rates may cause the Fund to experience a decline in its income. Interest rates in the U.S. are at, or near, historic lows, which may increase the Fund’s exposure to risks associated with rising rates. The Fund may be subject to heightened interest rate risk as a result of a rise or anticipated rise in interest rates. In addition, a general rise in rates may result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the fixed-income markets generally.
 

∎	 	Liquidity Risk. Generally, a security is liquid if the Fund is able to sell the security at a fair price within a reasonable time. Liquidity generally is related to the market trading volume for a particular security. Illiquid securities may trade at a discount from comparable, more liquid investments, and may be subject to wider fluctuations in market value. Less liquid securities are more difficult to dispose of at their recorded values and are subject to increased spreads and volatility. Also, the Fund may not be able to dispose of illiquid securities when that would be beneficial at a favorable time or price. Certain investments that were liquid when the Fund purchased them may become illiquid, sometimes abruptly.
 

∎	 	Low-Rated Securities Risk. In general, low-rated debt securities (commonly referred to as “high-yield” or “junk” bonds) offer higher yields due to the increased risk that the issuer will be unable to meet its obligations on interest or principal payments at the time called for by the debt instrument. For this reason, these securities are considered speculative and could significantly weaken the Fund’s returns. In adverse economic or other circumstances, issuers of these low-rated securities and obligations are more likely to have difficulty making principal and interest payments than issuers of higher-rated securities and obligations. In addition, these low-rated securities and obligations may fluctuate more widely in price and yield than higher-rated securities and obligations and may fall in price during times when the economy is weak or is expected to become weak. Issuers of securities that are in default or have defaulted may fail to resume principal or interest payments, in which case the Fund may lose its entire investment. The creditworthiness of issuers of low-rated securities may be more complex to analyze than that of issuers of investment-grade debt securities.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on Securian AM’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

82	 	Prospectus	 	Fixed Income Funds
Table of Contents
∎	 	Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities Risk. Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities are subject to prepayment risk and extension risk. When interest rates decline, unscheduled prepayments can be expected to accelerate, shortening the average lives of such securities, and the Fund may be required to reinvest the proceeds of the prepayments at the lower interest rates then available. Unscheduled prepayments also would limit the potential for capital appreciation on mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, thereby reducing the Fund’s income. Conversely, when interest rates rise, the values of mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities generally fall. Rising interest rates typically result in decreased prepayments and longer average lives of such securities. This could cause the value of such securities to be more volatile or decline more than other fixed-income securities, and may magnify the effect of the rate increase on the price of such securities.
Certain mortgage-backed securities are U.S. government securities. See U.S. Government Securities Risk for the risks of these types of securities. For non-U.S. government securities, there is the risk that payments on a security will not be made when due, or the value of such security will decline, because the security is not issued or guaranteed as to principal or interest by the U.S. government or by agencies or authorities controlled or supervised by and acting as instrumentalities of the U.S. government or supported by the right of the issuer to borrow from the U.S. government.

 

∎	 	Non-Agency Securities Risk. The risk that payments on a security will not be made when due, or the value of such security will decline, because the security is not issued or guaranteed as to principal or interest by the U.S. Government or by agencies or authorities controlled or supervised by and acting as instrumentalities of the U.S. Government. These securities may include, but are not limited to, securities issued by non-government entities, asset-backed securities (which represent interests in auto, consumer and/or credit card loans) and commercial mortgage-backed securities (which represent interests in commercial mortgage loans).
 

∎	 	Portfolio Turnover Risk. Frequent buying and selling of investments involve higher costs to the Fund and may affect the Fund’s performance over time. High rates of portfolio turnover may result in the realization of net short-term capital gains. The payment of taxes on distributions of these gains could adversely affect a shareholder’s after-tax return on its investment in the Fund. Any distributions attributable to such net gains will be taxed as ordinary income for Federal income tax purposes. Factors that can lead to short-term trading include market volatility, a significant positive or negative development concerning a security, an attempt to maintain the Fund’s market capitalization target, and the need to sell a security to meet redemption activity.
 

∎	 	Private Placements and Other Restricted Securities Risk. Restricted securities, which include private placements, are securities that are subject to legal or contractual restrictions on resale, and there can be no assurance of a ready market for resale. Privately placed securities and other restricted securities will have the effect of increasing the level of Fund illiquidity to the extent the Fund finds it difficult to sell these securities when IICO believes it is desirable to do so, especially under adverse market or economic conditions or in the event of adverse changes in the financial condition of the issuer, and the prices realized could be less than those originally paid or less than the fair market value. At times, the illiquidity of the market, as well as the lack of publicly available information regarding these securities also may make it difficult to determine the fair value of such securities for purposes of computing the NAV of the Fund.
 

∎	 	Reinvestment Risk. A decline in interest rates may cause issuers to prepay higher-yielding securities held by the Fund, resulting in the Fund reinvesting in securities with lower yields, which may cause a decline in its income.
 

∎	 	U.S. Government Securities Risk. Certain U.S. government securities, such as U.S. Treasury (Treasury) securities and securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. Other U.S. government securities, such as securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) and the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLB), are not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government and, instead, may be supported only by the credit of the issuer or by the right of the issuer to borrow from the Treasury.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of a broad-based securities market index and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary. Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares may be better than Return Before Taxes due to an assumed tax benefit from losses on a sale of the Fund’s shares at the end of the period.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

 

Fixed Income Funds	 	Prospectus	 	83
Table of Contents
The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 6.62% (the third quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -3.89% (the fourth quarter of 2008). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was -1.40%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-0.97%	 	  	 	1.55%	 	  	 	3.25%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	-2.11%	 	  	 	0.41%	 	  	 	1.99%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	-0.56%	 	  	 	0.64%	 	  	 	1.97%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	0.06%	 	  	 	1.59%	 	  	 	2.98%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	4.31%	 	  	 	1.98%	 	  	 	3.09%	 
Class E

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	2.43%	 	  	 	2.18%	 	  	 	3.53%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	5.57%	 	  	 	3.10%	 	  	 	4.22%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	5.58%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	3.54%	 
Class R (began on 12-19-2012)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	4.79%	 	  	 	2.45%	 	  	 	2.49%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	5.15%	 	  	 	2.81%	 	  	 	3.92%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	3.54%	 	  	 	2.10%	 	  	 	4.01%	 
Lipper Corporate Debt Funds A Rated Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	5.49%	 	  	 	2.83%	 	  	 	4.62%	 
Morningstar Intermediate-Term Bond Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	3.82%	 	  	 	2.09%	 	  	 	3.98%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO) and subadvised by Securian Asset Management, Inc. (Securian AM).

Portfolio Managers

Thomas B. Houghton, Vice President of Securian AM, has managed the Fund since April 2005; Dan Henken, Fixed Income Portfolio Manager of Securian AM, has managed the Fund since November 2017; and Lena S. Harhaj, Associate Portfolio Manager of Securian AM, has managed the Fund since April 2018.

 

84	 	Prospectus	 	Fixed Income Funds
Table of Contents
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A, Class C and Class E:

  			
To Open an Account (Class A and Class C)

  	 	$750	 
To Open an Account (Class E)

  	 	$250	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.