Ivy Securian Real Estate Securities Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Securian Real Estate Securities Fund

Objective

To seek to provide total return through capital appreciation and current income.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	2.50%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value
of your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class E	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.90%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.37%	 	  	 	0.59%	 	  	 	0.39%	 	  	 	0.64%	 	  	 	0.26%	 	  	 	0.09%	 	  	 	0.36%	 	  	 	0.22%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	1.52%	 	  	 	2.49%	 	  	 	2.29%	 	  	 	1.79%	 	  	 	1.16%	 	  	 	0.99%	 	  	 	1.76%	 	  	 	1.37%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement3,4,5

 	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.37%	 	  	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.10%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.42%	 	  	 	2.39%	 	  	 	2.19%	 	  	 	1.42%	6 	  	 	1.06%	 	  	 	0.89%	 	  	 	1.66%	 	  	 	1.27%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20. With limited exceptions, for Class E shares, the current $20 account fee for Ivy InvestEd Plan accounts with a balance of less than $25,000 will be assessed annually at the close of business on the second Tuesday of December.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, has contractually agreed to reduce the management fee paid by the Fund by an annual rate of 0.10% of average daily net assets. Prior to that date, the reduction may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

4 	Through July 31, 2019, IICO, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class E shares at 1.42%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

5 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

6 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to reflect a change in the Fund’s contractual class waiver.
 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	177
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$711	 	  	 	$1,018	 	  	 	$1,347	 	  	 	$2,275	 
Class B Shares

 	 	642	 	  	 	1,066	 	  	 	1,417	 	  	 	2,579	 
Class C Shares

 	 	222	 	  	 	706	 	  	 	1,216	 	  	 	2,618	 
Class E Shares

 	 	411	 	  	 	824	 	  	 	1,262	 	  	 	2,473	 
Class I Shares

 	 	108	 	  	 	359	 	  	 	629	 	  	 	1,400	 
Class N Shares

 	 	91	 	  	 	305	 	  	 	537	 	  	 	1,204	 
Class R Shares

 	 	169	 	  	 	544	 	  	 	945	 	  	 	2,065	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	129	 	  	 	424	 	  	 	740	 	  	 	1,638	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$711	 	  	 	$1,018	 	  	 	$1,347	 	  	 	$2,275	 
Class B Shares

 	 	242	 	  	 	766	 	  	 	1,317	 	  	 	2,579	 
Class C Shares

 	 	222	 	  	 	706	 	  	 	1,216	 	  	 	2,618	 
Class E Shares

 	 	411	 	  	 	824	 	  	 	1,262	 	  	 	2,473	 
Class I Shares

 	 	108	 	  	 	359	 	  	 	629	 	  	 	1,400	 
Class N Shares

 	 	91	 	  	 	305	 	  	 	537	 	  	 	1,204	 
Class R Shares

 	 	169	 	  	 	544	 	  	 	945	 	  	 	2,065	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	129	 	  	 	424	 	  	 	740	 	  	 	1,638	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 68% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Securian Real Estate Securities Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets in the securities of companies in the real estate or real estate-related industries. “Real estate” securities include securities of issuers that receive at least 50% of their gross revenue from the construction, ownership, leasing, management, financing or sale of residential, commercial or industrial real estate. “Real estate-related” securities include securities issued by companies primarily engaged in businesses that sell or offer products or services that are closely related to the real estate industry. The Fund does not directly invest in real estate.

Most of the Fund’s real estate securities portfolio consists of securities issued by real estate investment trusts (REITs) and other real estate operating companies (REOCs) that are listed on a securities exchange or traded over-the-counter. A REIT is a corporation (or a trust or association that otherwise would be taxable as a domestic corporation) that invests in real estate, mortgages on real estate or shares issued by other REITs and qualifies for pass-through Federal income tax treatment provided it meets certain conditions, including the requirement that it distribute at least 90% of its taxable income. A REOC is a corporation or partnership (or an entity classified as such for Federal tax purposes) that makes similar investments, except that a REOC has not elected or qualified to be taxed as a REIT and, therefore, among other differences, does not have a requirement to distribute any of its taxable income. REOCs also are more flexible than REITs in terms of what types of real estate investments they can make. At times, the Fund may invest a significant portion of its total assets in a limited number of issuers.

The Fund’s investment subadviser, Securian Asset Management, Inc. (Securian AM), primarily utilizes a bottom-up (researching individual issuers) fundamental stock-picking approach in selecting what it believes are high-quality securities for investment by the Fund, which may include consideration of factors such as an issuer’s financial condition and valuation, financial performance, quality of management, policies and strategies, real estate properties and competitive market condition. Other key attributes considered include an issuer’s liquidity, transparency, diversification, return history and cash flow growth potential, as well as

 

178	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
portfolio quality, market exposure, capital structure, business strategy risk, income volatility and corporate governance. The Fund then generally invests in those issuers that Securian AM believes have potential for long-term sustainable growth in earnings, or those trading at discounts to the underlying value of assets owned. Securian AM also seeks companies it believes have strong profitability and the ability to provide a strong return on investment, a dominant market position, stable property management and high-quality buildings and building maintenance. As part of its investment process, Securian AM also considers macro-economic and technical factors impacting real estate securities.

Securian AM considers various indicators in determining to sell a security, which may include the following: relative valuation is no longer compelling and operating conditions and/or performance are not sustainable; company fundamentals have deteriorated or do not meet expectations; a company-specific catalyst has matured and has been promptly reflected in the company’s stock price; and/or the economics or financial outlook of the real estate industry has weakened. Securian AM also may sell a security to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	Concentration Risk. Because the Fund invests more than 25% of its total assets in the real estate industry, the Fund’s performance may be more susceptible to a single economic, regulatory or technological occurrence than a fund that does not concentrate its investments in this industry. Securities of companies within specific industries or sectors of the economy may periodically perform differently than the overall market. In addition, the Fund’s performance may be more volatile than an investment in a portfolio of broad market securities and may underperform the market as a whole, due to the relatively limited number of issuers of real estate and real estate related securities.
 

∎	 	Holdings Risk. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks, and the Fund’s managers also tend to invest a significant portion of the Fund’s total assets in a limited number of stocks. As a result, the appreciation or depreciation of any one security held by the Fund may have a greater impact on the Fund’s NAV than it would if the Fund invested in a larger number of securities or if the Fund’s managers invested a greater portion of the Fund’s total assets in a larger number of stocks.
 

∎	 	Income Risk. The risk that the Fund may experience a decline in its income due to falling interest rates, earnings declines, or income decline within a security. The amount and rate of distributions that the Fund’s shareholders receive are affected by the income that the Fund receives from its portfolio holdings. If the income is reduced, distributions by the Fund to shareholders may be less.
 

∎	 	Interest Rate Risk. A rise in interest rates may cause a decline in the value of the Fund’s securities, especially securities with longer maturities. Typically, the longer the maturity or duration of a debt security, the greater the effect a change in interest rates could have on the security’s price. Thus, the sensitivity of the Fund’s debt securities to interest rate risk will increase with any increase in the duration of those securities. The value of dividend-paying common stocks, including equity REITs, can decline when interest rates rise. A decline in interest rates may cause the Fund to experience a decline in its income. Interest rates in the U.S. are at, or near, historic lows, which may increase the Fund’s exposure to risks associated with rising rates. The Fund may be subject to heightened interest rate risk as a result of a rise or anticipated rise in interest rates. In addition, a general rise in rates may result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the fixed-income markets generally.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on Securian AM’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

∎	 	Real Estate Industry Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in real estate securities, in addition to other risks, include rental income fluctuation, depreciation, property tax value changes, differences in real estate market values, overbuilding and extended vacancies, increased competition, operating expenses or zoning laws, costs of environmental clean-up or damages from natural disasters, cash flow fluctuations, and defaults by borrowers and tenants.
 

∎	 	REIT-Related Risk. The value of the Fund’s securities of a REIT may be adversely affected by changes in the value of the REIT’s underlying property or the property secured by mortgages the REIT holds, loss of REIT Federal tax status or changes in laws and/or rules related to that status, or the REIT’s failure to maintain its exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. In addition, the Fund may experience a decline in its income from REIT securities due to falling interest rates or decreasing dividend payments.
 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	179
Table of Contents
∎	 	
REOC-Related Risk. REOCs are not required to pay any specific level of income as dividends, and there is no minimum restriction on the number of owners or limits on ownership concentration. The value of the Fund’s REOC securities may be adversely affected by certain of the same factors that adversely affect REITs. In addition, a corporate REOC does not qualify for the favorable Federal tax treatment that is accorded a REIT. In addition, the Fund may experience a decline in its income from REOC securities due to falling interest rates or decreasing dividend payments.

Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of two broad-based securities market indexes and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary. Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares may be better than Return Before Taxes due to an assumed tax benefit from losses on a sale of the Fund’s shares at the end of the period.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 29.60% (the third quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -36.81% (the fourth quarter of 2008). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was -0.35%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-0.79%	 	  	 	7.11%	 	  	 	5.68%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	-3.56%	 	  	 	5.21%	 	  	 	4.53%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	1.64%	 	  	 	5.19%	 	  	 	4.23%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	0.56%	 	  	 	7.20%	 	  	 	5.34%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	4.43%	 	  	 	7.59%	 	  	 	5.50%	 
Class E

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	2.65%	 	  	 	7.75%	 	  	 	6.03%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	5.64%	 	  	 	8.86%	 	  	 	6.91%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	5.81%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	7.93%	 
 

180	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class R

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	4.99%	 	  	 	8.19%	 	  	 	6.30%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	5.44%	 	  	 	8.61%	 	  	 	6.68%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
FTSE Nareit Equity REITs Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) (The Fund’s benchmark changed from the Wilshire US Real Estate Securities Index, effective April 30, 2018. IICO believes that the FTSE Nareit Equity REITs Index is more reflective of the types of securities in which the Fund invests than the Wilshire US Real Estate Securities Index.)

  	 	5.23%	 	  	 	9.46%	 	  	 	7.44%	 
Wilshire US Real Estate Securities Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	4.84%	 	  	 	9.70%	 	  	 	7.36%	 
Lipper Real Estate Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	6.02%	 	  	 	8.46%	 	  	 	6.79%	 
Morningstar Real Estate Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	5.97%	 	  	 	8.49%	 	  	 	6.72%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO) and subadvised by Securian Asset Management, Inc. (Securian AM).

Portfolio Managers

Matthew K. Richmond, Vice President and Portfolio Manager of Securian AM, has managed the Fund since January 2014; Lowell R. Bolken, Vice President and Portfolio Manager of Securian AM, has managed the Fund since April 2006; and Joshua M. Klaetsch, Portfolio Manager of Securian AM, has managed the Fund since April 2018.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A, Class C and Class E:

  			
To Open an Account (Class A and Class C)

  	 	$750	 
To Open an Account (Class E)

  	 	$250	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	181
Table of Contents
Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.