Ivy Tax-Managed Equity Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Tax-Managed Equity Fund

Objective

To seek to provide growth of capital while minimizing taxable gains and income to shareholders.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.65%	 	  	 	0.65%	 	  	 	0.65%	 	  	 	0.65%	 	  	 	0.65%	 	  	 	0.65%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.15%	 	  	 	0.21%	 	  	 	0.26%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.11%	 	  	 	0.27%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	1.05%	 	  	 	1.86%	 	  	 	1.91%	 	  	 	0.90%	 	  	 	0.76%	 	  	 	1.17%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement3,4,5

 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.12%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.05%	6 	  	 	1.86%	6 	  	 	1.91%	6 	  	 	0.90%	6 	  	 	0.76%	6 	  	 	1.05%	6 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2020, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class A shares at 1.07%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

4 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class N shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class I shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

5 	Through July 31, 2020, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

6 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to exclude certain one-time expenses of the Fund.
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$676	 	  	 	$890	 	  	 	$1,121	 	  	 	$1,784	 
Class B Shares

 	 	589	 	  	 	885	 	  	 	1,106	 	  	 	1,968	 
 

Domestic Equity Funds	 	Prospectus	 	39
Table of Contents
  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class C Shares

 	 	$194	 	  	 	$600	 	  	 	$1,032	 	  	 	$2,233	 
Class I Shares

 	 	92	 	  	 	287	 	  	 	498	 	  	 	1,108	 
Class N Shares

 	 	78	 	  	 	243	 	  	 	422	 	  	 	942	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	107	 	  	 	347	 	  	 	620	 	  	 	1,398	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$676	 	  	 	$890	 	  	 	$1,121	 	  	 	$1,784	 
Class B Shares

 	 	189	 	  	 	585	 	  	 	1,006	 	  	 	1,968	 
Class C Shares

 	 	194	 	  	 	600	 	  	 	1,032	 	  	 	2,233	 
Class I Shares

 	 	92	 	  	 	287	 	  	 	498	 	  	 	1,108	 
Class N Shares

 	 	78	 	  	 	243	 	  	 	422	 	  	 	942	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	107	 	  	 	347	 	  	 	620	 	  	 	1,398	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 34% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Tax-Managed Equity Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing primarily in a diversified portfolio of common stocks of companies that IICO considers to be high in quality and attractive in their long-term investment potential. Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in equity securities. For this purpose, such equity securities consist primarily of common stocks. IICO seeks stocks of growth-oriented companies that it believes have above-average levels of profitability and the ability to sustain growth and profitability over the long term. While the Fund typically invests in the common stocks of large- and mid-capitalization companies, it may invest in companies of any size, any industry or any country in seeking to achieve its objective.

IICO manages the Fund using an investment strategy that is sensitive to the potential impact of Federal income tax on shareholders’ investment returns. IICO typically invests for the long term and primarily utilizes a bottom-up (researching individual issuers) strategy in selecting securities for the Fund and seeks growth-oriented companies that it believes have dominant market positions and/or established competitive advantages. IICO believes that these characteristics can help to mitigate competition and lead to more sustainable revenue and earnings growth over long periods of time.

The key factors IICO typically analyzes may include the strength of a company’s business model using quantitative factors, such as strong or improving gross margins, return on capital measures and free cash flow. Qualitative factors also may be used when analyzing a business model, such as brand equity, proprietary technology, economies of scale, threat of substitute products and the interaction and bargaining power between a company, its customers, suppliers and competitors. Additional analysis may include various valuation techniques to determine what IICO believes to be the potential value of a specific security. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 40 to 60).

Many of the companies in which the Fund may invest have diverse operations, with products or services in foreign markets. Therefore, the Fund may have indirect exposure to various foreign markets through investments in these companies, even if the Fund is not invested directly in such markets.

When deciding to sell a security, IICO considers the negative tax impact of realizing a capital gain and, if applicable, the positive tax impact of realizing a capital loss. However, IICO may sell a security at a realized gain if it believes that the potential tax cost is outweighed by the risk of continuing to own the security, to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, or to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities. Another reason for selling a security may include a structural change in an industry that impacts a company’s market position.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	
Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.

 

40	 	Prospectus	 	Domestic Equity Funds
Table of Contents
∎	 	Foreign Exposure Risk. The securities of many companies may have significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of the company’s operations, products or services in those foreign markets. As a result, a company’s domicile and/or the markets in which the company’s securities trade may not be fully reflective of its sources of revenue. Such securities would be subject to some of the same risks as an investment in foreign securities, including the risk that political and economic events unique to a country or region will adversely affect those markets in which the company’s products or services are sold.
 

∎	 	Growth Stock Risk. Prices of growth stocks may be more sensitive to changes in current or expected earnings than the prices of other stocks. Growth stocks may be more volatile or not perform as well as value stocks or the stock market in general.
 

∎	 	Holdings Risk. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 40 to 60). As a result, the appreciation or depreciation of any one security held by the Fund may have a greater impact on the Fund’s NAV than it would if the Fund invested in a larger number of securities.
 

∎	 	Information Technology Sector Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in the information technology sector, in addition to other risks, include the intense competition to which information technology companies may be subject; the dramatic and often unpredictable changes in growth rates and competition for qualified personnel among information technology companies; effects on profitability from being heavily dependent on patent and intellectual property rights and the loss or impairment of those rights; obsolescence of existing technology; general economic conditions; and government regulation.
 

∎	 	Large Company Risk. Large-capitalization companies may go in and out of favor based on market and economic conditions. Large-capitalization companies may be unable to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in technology, and also may not be able to attain the high growth rate of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion. Although the securities of larger companies may be less volatile than those of companies with smaller market capitalizations, returns on investments in securities of large-capitalization companies could trail the returns on investments in securities of smaller companies.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

∎	 	Mid Size Company Risk. Securities of mid-capitalization companies may be more vulnerable to adverse developments than those of larger companies due to such companies’ limited product lines, limited markets and financial resources and dependence upon a relatively small management group. Securities of mid-capitalization companies may be more volatile and less liquid than the securities of larger companies, and may be affected to a greater extent than other types of securities by the underperformance of a sector or during market downturns.
 

∎	 	Sector Risk. At times, the Fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a broadly related group of industries within an economic sector. Individual sectors may be more volatile, and may perform differently, than the broader market. Companies in the same economic sector may be similarly affected by economic or market events, making the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that economic sector than funds that invest more broadly.
 

∎	 	Tax-Managed Strategy Risk. While the Fund’s tax-sensitive investment strategy is intended to lead to lower distributions of net investment income and realized net capital gains than non-tax-managed funds, it may not always achieve this goal. Moreover, tax-management strategies may alter investment decisions and affect portfolio holdings, when compared to those of non-tax-managed mutual funds. Market conditions may limit the Fund’s ability to realize tax losses or to generate dividend income that is taxed at favorable Federal income tax rates. In addition, the Fund’s tax-managed strategy may cause the Fund to hold a security in order to achieve more favorable tax-treatment or to sell a security in order to realize tax losses, which could result in losses that exceed any benefits of the tax-managed strategy. The Fund’s ability to utilize various tax-management techniques may be curtailed or eliminated in the future by tax legislation or regulations or pronouncements by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Although the Fund expects that a smaller portion of its total return will consist of taxable distributions to shareholders as compared to equity mutual funds that are not tax-managed, there can be no assurance about the amount of taxable distributions to shareholders, particularly in market conditions where many companies that the Fund finds attractive possess high amounts of free cash flow. In addition, redemptions by shareholders may force the Fund to sell securities at an inopportune time, potentially resulting in net realized gains.
Notwithstanding the Fund’s use of tax-management investment strategies, the Fund expects to have some taxable income and expects to realize some net capital gains from time to time. In addition, investors purchasing Fund shares when the Fund has large undistributed realized net capital gains could receive a significant part of the purchase price of their shares back as a taxable capital gain distribution. Over time, securities with unrealized gains may comprise a substantial portion of the Fund’s assets. Moreover, state or Federal tax laws or regulations may be amended at any time and may include changes to applicable tax rates or capital gain holding periods that may be adverse to the Fund’s shareholders.

 

Domestic Equity Funds	 	Prospectus	 	41
Table of Contents
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class I shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of a broad-based securities market index and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

The performance information shown below prior to May 18, 2009 is the performance of the Class Y shares of Waddell & Reed Advisors Tax-Managed Equity Fund (“predecessor fund”), which reorganized as the Class I shares of Ivy Tax-Managed Equity Fund. For that time period, the Fund would have had substantially similar annual returns because the shares would have been invested in a similar portfolio of securities, but would differ to the extent that the Fund has different expenses than the predecessor fund. Performance has not been restated to reflect the estimated annual operating expenses of Ivy Tax-Managed Equity Fund for that time period. If those expenses were reflected, performance shown below would differ.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class I shares, which reflect the returns of Class Y shares of the predecessor fund for certain time periods. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 14.59% (the first quarter of 2012) and the lowest quarterly return was -19.20% (the fourth quarter of 2008). The Class I return for the year through June 30, 2018 was 9.77%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	30.32%	 	  	 	15.67%	 	  	 	7.87%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	30.13%	 	  	 	15.25%	 	  	 	7.66%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	17.31%	 	  	 	12.57%	 	  	 	6.37%	 
Class A (began on 05-18-2009)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	22.53%	 	  	 	14.05%	 	  	 	13.22%	 
Class B (began on 05-18-2009)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	25.17%	 	  	 	14.51%	 	  	 	13.33%	 
Class C (began on 05-18-2009)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	28.98%	 	  	 	14.54%	 	  	 	13.21%	 
Class N (began on 07-05-2017)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	N/A	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	14.31%	 
 

42	 	Prospectus	 	Domestic Equity Funds
Table of Contents
as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class Y (began on 05-18-2009)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	30.16%	 	  	 	15.44%	 	  	 	14.04%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Russell 1000 Growth Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	30.21%	 	  	 	17.33%	 	  	 	10.00%	 
Lipper Large-Cap Growth Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	29.58%	 	  	 	15.69%	 	  	 	8.44%	 
Morningstar Large Growth Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	28.07%	 	  	 	15.22%	 	  	 	8.24%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Manager

Bradley M. Klapmeyer, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since August 2014.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A and Class C:

  			
To Open an Account

  	 	$750	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.