Ivy Core Equity Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Core Equity Fund

Objective

To seek to provide capital growth and appreciation.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	 	Class B	 	 	Class C	 	 	Class E	 	 	Class I	 	 	Class N	 	 	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	 	 	None	 	 	 	None	 	 	 	2.50%	 	 	 	None	 	 	 	None	 	 	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	 	 	5.00%	1 	 	 	1.00%	1 	 	 	None	 	 	 	None	 	 	 	None	 	 	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	 	 	None	 	 	 	None	 	 	$	20	2 	 	 	None	 	 	 	None	 	 	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your
investment)	 	Class A	 	 	Class B	 	 	Class C	 	 	Class E	 	 	Class I	 	 	Class N	 	 	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.63%	 	 	 	0.63%	 	 	 	0.63%	 	 	 	0.63%	 	 	 	0.63%	 	 	 	0.63%	 	 	 	0.63%	 	  	 	0.63%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	 	 	1.00%	 	 	 	1.00%	 	 	 	0.25%	 	 	 	0.00%	 	 	 	0.00%	 	 	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.15%	 	 	 	0.47%	 	 	 	0.26%	 	 	 	0.43%	 	 	 	0.20%	 	 	 	0.10%	 	 	 	0.33%	 	  	 	0.22%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	1.03%	 	 	 	2.10%	 	 	 	1.89%	 	 	 	1.31%	 	 	 	0.83%	 	 	 	0.73%	 	 	 	1.46%	 	  	 	1.10%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement3,4,5

 	 	0.00%	 	 	 	0.00%	 	 	 	0.00%	 	 	 	0.21%	 	 	 	0.00%	 	 	 	0.00%	 	 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.26%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.03%	6 	 	 	2.10%	6 	 	 	1.89%	 	 	 	1.10%	7 	 	 	0.83%	6 	 	 	0.73%	 	 	 	1.46%	 	  	 	0.84%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20. With limited exceptions, for Class E shares, the current $20 account fee for Ivy InvestEd Plan accounts with a balance of less than $25,000 will be assessed annually at the close of business on the second Tuesday of December.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class E shares at 1.10%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

4 	Through July 31, 2020, IICO, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class A shares at 1.04%; Class B shares at 2.13%; Class E shares at 1.13%; and Class I shares and Class Y shares at 0.84%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

5 	Through July 31, 2020, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

6 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to exclude certain one-time expenses of the Fund.
 

7 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to reflect a change in the Fund’s contractual class waiver.
 

4	 	Prospectus	 	Domestic Equity Funds
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$674	 	  	 	$884	 	  	 	$1,111	 	  	 	$1,762	 
Class B Shares

 	 	613	 	  	 	958	 	  	 	1,229	 	  	 	2,157	 
Class C Shares

 	 	192	 	  	 	594	 	  	 	1,021	 	  	 	2,212	 
Class E Shares

 	 	379	 	  	 	676	 	  	 	1,013	 	  	 	1,955	 
Class I Shares

 	 	85	 	  	 	265	 	  	 	460	 	  	 	1,025	 
Class N Shares

 	 	75	 	  	 	233	 	  	 	406	 	  	 	906	 
Class R Shares

 	 	149	 	  	 	462	 	  	 	797	 	  	 	1,746	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	86	 	  	 	297	 	  	 	554	 	  	 	1,292	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$674	 	  	 	$884	 	  	 	$1,111	 	  	 	$1,762	 
Class B Shares

 	 	213	 	  	 	658	 	  	 	1,129	 	  	 	2,157	 
Class C Shares

 	 	192	 	  	 	594	 	  	 	1,021	 	  	 	2,212	 
Class E Shares

 	 	379	 	  	 	676	 	  	 	1,013	 	  	 	1,955	 
Class I Shares

 	 	85	 	  	 	265	 	  	 	460	 	  	 	1,025	 
Class N Shares

 	 	75	 	  	 	233	 	  	 	406	 	  	 	906	 
Class R Shares

 	 	149	 	  	 	462	 	  	 	797	 	  	 	1,746	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	86	 	  	 	297	 	  	 	554	 	  	 	1,292	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 51% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Core Equity Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets in equity securities, primarily in common stocks of large-capitalization companies. The Fund seeks to invest in companies that IICO believes have a leading market position or sustainable competitive advantage in their industry. Large-capitalization companies typically are companies with market capitalizations of at least $10 billion at the time of acquisition. The Fund invests in securities that have the potential for capital appreciation, or that IICO expects to resist market decline. Although the Fund primarily invests in securities issued by large-capitalization companies, it may invest in securities issued by companies of any size. The Fund may invest in securities of companies across the valuation spectrum, including securities issued by growth and value companies.

IICO believes that long-term earnings potential relative to market expectations is an important component for stock performance. IICO balances a top-down (assessing the market environment) approach with a bottom-up (researching individual issuers) analysis when selecting securities for the Fund, and seeks to exploit what it believes to be catalysts for multi-year earnings growth in companies that it believes have strong or strengthening competitive advantages. Earnings catalysts are diversified across both thematic and company-specific projections.

From a top-down perspective, IICO seeks to identify current trends or themes which indicate specific industries that have the potential to experience multi-year growth. IICO considers various thematic catalysts in its analysis, including major macro-economic and political forces, cyclical inflections, changes in consumer behavior and technology shifts. Once a trend or theme is identified, IICO seeks to invest for the Fund in what it believes are dominant companies that will benefit from these trends or themes, including companies that IICO believes have long-term earnings potential that exceeds market expectations.

Through its bottom-up stock selection, IICO searches for companies for which it believes market expectations are too low with regard to the ability of the companies to grow their businesses.

 

Domestic Equity Funds	 	Prospectus	 	5
Table of Contents
In selecting securities for the Fund, IICO may consider whether a company has new products to introduce, has undergone cost restructuring or a management change, or has improved its execution, among other factors.

The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 40 to 50).

Many of the companies in which the Fund may invest have diverse operations, with products or services in foreign markets. Therefore, the Fund may have indirect exposure to various foreign markets through investments in these companies, even if the Fund is not invested directly in such markets.

Generally, in determining whether to sell a security, IICO uses the same type of analysis that it uses in buying securities. Among other factors, IICO considers whether, in its opinion, the security has fully appreciated according to IICO’s forecast, has ceased to offer the prospect of significant growth potential, has had its competitive barriers diminished, has seen its earnings catalyst lose its impact, or has performed below IICO’s expectations regarding the company’s long-term earnings potential. IICO also may sell a security to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security if that issuer’s competitive advantage has diminished or if the Fund’s portfolio managers lose conviction in a previously identified trend or theme, to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Catalyst Risk. Investing in companies in anticipation of a catalyst carries the risk that certain of such catalysts may not happen or the market may react differently than expected to such catalysts, in which case the Fund may experience losses.
 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	Foreign Exposure Risk. The securities of many companies may have significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of the company’s operations, products or services in those foreign markets. As a result, a company’s domicile and/or the markets in which the company’s securities trade may not be fully reflective of its sources of revenue. Such securities would be subject to some of the same risks as an investment in foreign securities, including the risk that political and economic events unique to a country or region will adversely affect those markets in which the company’s products or services are sold.
 

∎	 	Growth Stock Risk. Prices of growth stocks may be more sensitive to changes in current or expected earnings than the prices of other stocks. Growth stocks may be more volatile or not perform as well as value stocks or the stock market in general.
 

∎	 	Holdings Risk. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 40 to 50). As a result, the appreciation or depreciation of any one security held by the Fund may have a greater impact on the Fund’s NAV than it would if the Fund invested in a larger number of securities.
 

∎	 	Information Technology Sector Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in the information technology sector, in addition to other risks, include the intense competition to which information technology companies may be subject; the dramatic and often unpredictable changes in growth rates and competition for qualified personnel among information technology companies; effects on profitability from being heavily dependent on patent and intellectual property rights and the loss or impairment of those rights; obsolescence of existing technology; general economic conditions; and government regulation.
 

∎	 	Large Company Risk. Large-capitalization companies may go in and out of favor based on market and economic conditions. Large-capitalization companies may be unable to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in technology, and also may not be able to attain the high growth rate of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion. Although the securities of larger companies may be less volatile than those of companies with smaller market capitalizations, returns on investments in securities of large-capitalization companies could trail the returns on investments in securities of smaller companies.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
 

∎	 	Sector Risk. At times, the Fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a broadly related group of industries within an economic sector. Individual sectors may be more volatile, and may perform differently, than the broader market. Companies in the same economic sector may be similarly affected by economic or market events, making the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that economic sector than funds that invest more broadly.
 

6	 	Prospectus	 	Domestic Equity Funds
Table of Contents
∎	 	Theme Risk. Because the Fund’s investment strategy incorporates the identification of themes, the Fund’s performance may suffer if IICO does not correctly identify such themes or if a theme develops in an unanticipated way.
 

∎	 	Value Stock Risk. Value stocks are stocks of companies that may have experienced adverse business or industry developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the stocks to be out of favor and, in the opinion of IICO, undervalued. The value of a security believed by IICO to be undervalued may never reach what is believed to be its full value; such security’s value may decrease or such security may be appropriately priced.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of a broad-based securities market index and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown on the chart, the highest quarterly return was 17.42% (the third quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -20.49% (the fourth quarter of 2008). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was 5.33%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	 	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

 				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

 	 	13.46%	 	  	 	10.97%	 	  	 	6.83%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

 	 	11.77%	 	  	 	9.33%	 	  	 	5.93%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

 	 	8.92%	 	  	 	8.46%	 	  	 	5.38%	 
Class B

 				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

 	 	15.18%	 	  	 	11.06%	 	  	 	6.61%	 
Class C

 				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

 	 	19.44%	 	  	 	11.42%	 	  	 	6.65%	 
Class E

 				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

 	 	17.38%	 	  	 	11.58%	 	  	 	7.11%	 
Class I

 				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

 	 	20.80%	 	  	 	12.63%	 	  	 	7.87%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

 				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

 	 	20.86%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	8.48%	 
 

Domestic Equity Funds	 	Prospectus	 	7
Table of Contents
as of December 31, 2017	 	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class R (began on 12-19-2012)

 				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

 	 	19.98%	 	  	 	11.89%	 	  	 	11.83%	 
Class Y

 				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

 	 	20.68%	 	  	 	12.62%	 	  	 	7.71%	 
 				  				  			
Indexes	 	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
S&P 500 Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

 	 	21.83%	 	  	 	15.79%	 	  	 	8.50%	 
Lipper Large-Cap Core Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

 	 	20.65%	 	  	 	14.26%	 	  	 	7.50%	 
Morningstar Large Growth Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

 	 	28.07%	 	  	 	15.22%	 	  	 	8.24%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Managers

Erik R. Becker, Senior Vice President of IICO, and Gustaf C. Zinn, Senior Vice President of IICO, have both managed the Fund since February 2006.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A, Class C and Class E:

  			
To Open an Account (Class A and Class C)

  	 	$750	 
To Open an Account (Class E)

  	 	$250	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information