Ivy Balanced Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Balanced Fund

Objective

To seek to provide total return through a combination of capital appreciation and current income.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your
investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.67%	 	  	 	0.67%	 	  	 	0.67%	 	  	 	0.67%	 	  	 	0.67%	 	  	 	0.67%	 	  	 	0.67%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.19%	 	  	 	0.19%	 	  	 	0.16%	 	  	 	0.20%	 	  	 	0.05%	 	  	 	0.29%	 	  	 	0.20%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	1.11%	 	  	 	1.86%	 	  	 	1.83%	 	  	 	0.87%	 	  	 	0.72%	 	  	 	1.46%	 	  	 	1.12%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement3

 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.01%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.11%	4 	  	 	1.86%	 	  	 	1.83%	 	  	 	0.87%	4 	  	 	0.72%	 	  	 	1.46%	 	  	 	1.11%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2020, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

4 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to exclude certain one-time expenses of the Fund.
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$682	 	  	 	$908	 	  	 	$1,151	 	  	 	$1,849	 
Class B Shares

 	 	589	 	  	 	885	 	  	 	1,106	 	  	 	1,984	 
Class C Shares

 	 	186	 	  	 	576	 	  	 	990	 	  	 	2,148	 
Class I Shares

 	 	89	 	  	 	278	 	  	 	482	 	  	 	1,073	 
Class N Shares

 	 	74	 	  	 	230	 	  	 	401	 	  	 	894	 
 

142	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class R Shares

 	 	$149	 	  	 	$462	 	  	 	$797	 	  	 	$1,746	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	113	 	  	 	354	 	  	 	615	 	  	 	1,361	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$682	 	  	 	$908	 	  	 	$1,151	 	  	 	$1,849	 
Class B Shares

 	 	189	 	  	 	585	 	  	 	1,006	 	  	 	1,984	 
Class C Shares

 	 	186	 	  	 	576	 	  	 	990	 	  	 	2,148	 
Class I Shares

 	 	89	 	  	 	278	 	  	 	482	 	  	 	1,073	 
Class N Shares

 	 	74	 	  	 	230	 	  	 	401	 	  	 	894	 
Class R Shares

 	 	149	 	  	 	462	 	  	 	797	 	  	 	1,746	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	113	 	  	 	354	 	  	 	615	 	  	 	1,361	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions and/or spreads between bid and asked prices, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 36% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Balanced Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing primarily in a diversified mix of stocks, debt securities and short-term instruments, depending on market conditions. Regarding its equity investments, the Fund invests primarily in medium to large, well-established companies, most of which pay a regular dividend, although it may invest in securities issued by companies of any size. The Fund invests at least 50% of its total assets in equity securities. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 45 to 55), with the objective of providing potential capital appreciation and some dividend income.

In addition, the Fund invests at least 30% of its total assets in debt securities with the objective of providing income and relative stability of capital. The Fund may invest in preferred stocks. The majority of the Fund’s debt securities are either U.S. government securities or investment-grade corporate bonds rated BBB- or higher by S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P), or comparably rated by another nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) or, if unrated, determined by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, to be of comparable quality. The Fund may invest up to 20% of its total assets in non-investment grade debt securities. The Fund has no limitations on the range of maturities of the debt securities in which it may invest.

In evaluating investments for the Fund, IICO focuses on companies with resilient business models characterized by stable growth rates, strong balance sheets, attractive return profiles and strong free cash flow generation. In so doing, IICO evaluates a company’s management team, its financial position, its competitive position and the condition of its respective industry in addition to other factors. IICO utilizes financial statements, independent research by its investment management personnel, third party research, brand studies done by outside parties and other tools and processes to identify what it believes to be attractive investment opportunities with a focus on the trajectory and sustainability of a company’s business model. In addition, IICO’s analysis informs its view of an appropriate valuation for each potential investment.

Investment opportunities typically fall into two categories: company-specific ideas which include factors such as a company’s competitive positioning, production cycles, cost restructuring or a new management team; and thematic ideas where IICO considers economic or political forces, interest rate term structure variances, cyclical inflections, changes in consumer behavior or technology shifts. In selecting equity securities for the Fund, IICO focuses on capital appreciation and follows a growth at a reasonable price investing strategy. In selecting debt securities for the Fund, IICO focuses on current income and capital preservation, and generally seeks to invest in investment-grade securities.

The Fund may invest up to 25% of its total assets in foreign securities, including equity and fixed-income securities. Additionally, many of the companies in which the Fund may invest have diverse operations, with products or services in foreign markets. Therefore, the Fund may have indirect exposure to various foreign markets through investments in these companies, even if the Fund is not invested directly in such markets.

Generally, in determining whether to sell a security, IICO uses the same analysis as identified above in order to determine if the security is appropriately valued or has met its anticipated price. IICO also may sell a security if the security ceases to produce income, to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security, to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities or to raise cash.

 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	143
Table of Contents
Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	Credit Risk. An issuer of a fixed-income obligation may not make payments on the obligation when due or may default on its obligation. There also is the risk that an issuer could suffer adverse changes in its financial condition that could lower the credit quality of a security. This could lead to greater volatility in the price of the security, could affect the security’s liquidity, and could make it more difficult to sell. A downgrade or default affecting any of the Fund’s securities could affect the Fund’s performance. In general, the longer the maturity and the lower the credit quality of a bond, the more sensitive it is to credit risk.
 

∎	 	Dividend-Paying Stock Risk. Dividend-paying stocks may fall out of favor with investors and underperform non-dividend paying stocks and the market as a whole over any period of time. In addition, there is no guarantee that the companies in which the Fund invests will declare dividends in the future or that dividends, if declared, will remain at current levels or increase over time. The amount of any dividend a company may pay may fluctuate significantly. In addition, the value of dividend-paying common stocks can decline when interest rates rise as other investments become more attractive to investors. This risk may be greater due to the current period of historically low interest rates.
 

∎	 	Foreign Exposure Risk. The securities of many companies may have significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of the company’s operations, products or services in those foreign markets. As a result, a company’s domicile and/or the markets in which the company’s securities trade may not be fully reflective of its sources of revenue. Such securities would be subject to some of the same risks as an investment in foreign securities, including the risk that political and economic events unique to a country or region will adversely affect those markets in which the company’s products or services are sold.
 

∎	 	Growth Stock Risk. Prices of growth stocks may be more sensitive to changes in current or expected earnings than the prices of other stocks. Growth stocks may be more volatile or not perform as well as value stocks or the stock market in general.
 

∎	 	Holdings Risk. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 45 to 55). As a result, the appreciation or depreciation of any one security held by the Fund may have a greater impact on the Fund’s NAV than it would if the Fund invested in a larger number of securities.
 

∎	 	Interest Rate Risk. A rise in interest rates may cause a decline in the value of the Fund’s securities, especially securities with longer maturities. Typically, the longer the maturity or duration of a debt security, the greater the effect a change in interest rates could have on the security’s price. Thus, the sensitivity of the Fund’s debt securities to interest rate risk will increase with any increase in the duration of those securities. A decline in interest rates may cause the Fund to experience a decline in its income. Interest rates in the U.S. are at, or near, historic lows, which may increase the Fund’s exposure to risks associated with rising rates. The Fund may be subject to heightened interest rate risk as a result of a rise or anticipated rise in interest rates. In addition, a general rise in rates may result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the fixed-income markets generally.
 

∎	 	Large Company Risk. Large-capitalization companies may go in and out of favor based on market and economic conditions. Large-capitalization companies may be unable to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in technology, and also may not be able to attain the high growth rate of successful smaller companies, especially during extended periods of economic expansion. Although the securities of larger companies may be less volatile than those of companies with smaller market capitalizations, returns on investments in securities of large-capitalization companies could trail the returns on investments in securities of smaller companies.
 

∎	 	Low-Rated Securities Risk. In general, low-rated debt securities (commonly referred to as “high-yield” or “junk” bonds) offer higher yields due to the increased risk that the issuer will be unable to meet its obligations on interest or principal payments at the time called for by the debt instrument. For this reason, these securities are considered speculative and could significantly weaken the Fund’s returns. In adverse economic or other circumstances, issuers of these low-rated securities and obligations are more likely to have difficulty making principal and interest payments than issuers of higher-rated securities and obligations. In addition, these low-rated securities and obligations may fluctuate more widely in price and yield than higher-rated securities and obligations and may fall in price during times when the economy is weak or is expected to become weak. Issuers of securities that are in default or have defaulted may fail to resume principal or interest payments, in which case the Fund may lose its entire investment. The creditworthiness of issuers of low-rated securities may be more complex to analyze than that of issuers of investment-grade debt securities.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	
Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have

 

144	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
 	
decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.

 

∎	 	Mid Size Company Risk. Securities of mid-capitalization companies may be more vulnerable to adverse developments than those of larger companies due to such companies’ limited product lines, limited markets and financial resources and dependence upon a relatively small management group. Securities of mid-capitalization companies may be more volatile and less liquid than the securities of larger companies, and may be affected to a greater extent than other types of securities by the underperformance of a sector or during market downturns.
 

∎	 	Preferred Stock Risk. Preferred stock is subject to issuer-specific and market risks applicable generally to equity securities. In addition, a company’s preferred securities generally pay dividends only after the company makes required payments to holders of its bonds and other debt. Preferred stock also is subject to credit risk with regard to the ability of the issuer to pay the dividend established upon issuance of the preferred stock.
 

∎	 	Reinvestment Risk. A decline in interest rates may cause issuers to prepay higher-yielding securities held by the Fund, resulting in the Fund reinvesting in securities with lower yields, which may cause a decline in its income.
 

∎	 	U.S. Government Securities Risk. Certain U.S. government securities, such as U.S. Treasury (Treasury) securities and securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. Other U.S. government securities, such as securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) and the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLB), are not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government and, instead, may be supported only by the credit of the issuer or by the right of the issuer to borrow from the Treasury.
 

∎	 	Value Stock Risk. Value stocks are stocks of companies that may have experienced adverse business or industry developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the stocks to be out of favor and, in the opinion of IICO, undervalued. The value of a security believed by IICO to be undervalued may never reach what is believed to be its full value; such security’s value may decrease or such security may be appropriately priced.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of broad-based securities market indexes and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 10.03% (the third quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -10.92% (the third quarter of 2011). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was 1.68%.
 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	145
Table of Contents
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	4.97%	 	  	 	7.10%	 	  	 	5.67%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	3.76%	 	  	 	6.11%	 	  	 	5.07%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	3.64%	 	  	 	5.46%	 	  	 	4.49%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	6.60%	 	  	 	7.45%	 	  	 	5.62%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	10.59%	 	  	 	7.64%	 	  	 	5.59%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	11.66%	 	  	 	8.66%	 	  	 	6.62%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	11.86%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	5.59%	 
Class R (began on 12-19-2012)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	11.02%	 	  	 	8.02%	 	  	 	7.94%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	11.38%	 	  	 	8.40%	 	  	 	6.35%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
S&P 500 Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	21.83%	 	  	 	15.79%	 	  	 	8.50%	 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Credit Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	4.00%	 	  	 	2.13%	 	  	 	4.08%	 
Lipper Mixed-Asset Target Allocation Growth Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	15.70%	 	  	 	9.19%	 	  	 	5.44%	 
Morningstar Allocation — 50% to 70% Equity Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	13.44%	 	  	 	8.31%	 	  	 	5.47%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Manager

Matthew A. Hekman, Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since August 2014, and Mark G. Beischel, Senior Vice President of IICO, and Susan K. Regan, Senior Vice President of IICO, have managed the Fund since April 2018.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

 

146	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A and Class C:

  			
To Open an Account

  	 	$750	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.