Ivy Energy Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Energy Fund

Objective

To seek to provide capital growth and appreciation.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your
investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 	  	 	0.85%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.41%	 	  	 	0.62%	 	  	 	0.29%	 	  	 	0.25%	 	  	 	0.09%	 	  	 	0.34%	 	  	 	0.24%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	1.51%	 	  	 	2.47%	 	  	 	2.14%	 	  	 	1.10%	 	  	 	0.94%	 	  	 	1.69%	 	  	 	1.34%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement3,4

 	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.18%	 	  	 	0.03%	 	  	 	0.11%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.41%	5,6 	  	 	2.29%	5,6 	  	 	2.11%	5,6 	  	 	0.99%	5,6 	  	 	0.94%	5 	  	 	1.69%	5 	  	 	1.34%	5 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20.
 

3 	Through July 31, 2020, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class A shares at 1.41%; Class B shares at 2.29%; Class C shares at 2.11%; and Class I shares at 0.99%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

4 	Through July 31, 2020, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

5 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to exclude certain one-time expenses of the Fund.
 

6 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because it has been restated to reflect a change in the Fund’s contractual class waiver.
 

148	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$710	 	  	 	$1,006	 	  	 	$1,333	 	  	 	$2,256	 
Class B Shares

 	 	632	 	  	 	1,034	 	  	 	1,382	 	  	 	2,540	 
Class C Shares

 	 	214	 	  	 	664	 	  	 	1,144	 	  	 	2,468	 
Class I Shares

 	 	101	 	  	 	327	 	  	 	584	 	  	 	1,320	 
Class N Shares

 	 	96	 	  	 	300	 	  	 	520	 	  	 	1,155	 
Class R Shares

 	 	172	 	  	 	533	 	  	 	918	 	  	 	1,998	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	136	 	  	 	425	 	  	 	734	 	  	 	1,613	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$710	 	  	 	$1,006	 	  	 	$1,333	 	  	 	$2,256	 
Class B Shares

 	 	232	 	  	 	734	 	  	 	1,282	 	  	 	2,540	 
Class C Shares

 	 	214	 	  	 	664	 	  	 	1,144	 	  	 	2,468	 
Class I Shares

 	 	101	 	  	 	327	 	  	 	584	 	  	 	1,320	 
Class N Shares

 	 	96	 	  	 	300	 	  	 	520	 	  	 	1,155	 
Class R Shares

 	 	172	 	  	 	533	 	  	 	918	 	  	 	1,998	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	136	 	  	 	425	 	  	 	734	 	  	 	1,613	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 21% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Energy Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets in securities of companies within the energy sector, which includes all aspects of the energy industry, such as exploration, discovery, production, distribution or infrastructure of energy and/or alternative energy sources.

These companies may include, but are not limited to, oil companies, oil and gas drilling, equipment and services companies, oil and gas exploration and production companies, oil and gas storage and transportation companies, natural gas pipeline companies, refinery companies, energy conservation companies, coal, transporters, utilities, alternative energy companies and innovative energy technology companies. The Fund also may invest in companies that are not within the energy sector that are engaged in the development of products and services to enhance energy efficiency for the users of those products and services.

After conducting a top-down (assessing the market environment) market analysis of the energy industry and geopolitical issues and then identifying trends and sectors, IICO uses a research-oriented, bottom-up (researching individual issuers) investment approach when selecting securities for the Fund, focusing on company fundamentals and growth prospects. In general, the Fund emphasizes companies that IICO believes are strongly managed and can generate above-average, capital growth and appreciation. IICO analyzes net asset value, free cash flow and balance sheet strength and focuses on companies that exhibit capital discipline with a low cost structure and strong assets. The Fund invests in a blend of value and growth companies domiciled throughout the world, which may include companies that are offered in initial public offerings (IPOs). While IICO typically seeks to invest a majority of the Fund’s assets in U.S. securities, the Fund may invest up to 100% of its total assets in foreign securities. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 40 to 55).

Many of the companies in which the Fund may invest have diverse operations, with products or services in foreign markets. Therefore, the Fund may have indirect exposure to various foreign markets through investments in these companies, potentially including companies domiciled or traded or doing business in emerging markets, even if the Fund is not invested directly in such markets.

 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	149
Table of Contents
Generally, in determining whether to sell a security, IICO uses the same type of analysis that it uses in buying securities to determine whether the security has ceased to offer significant growth potential, has sufficiently exceeded its target price, has become undervalued and/or whether the prospects of the issuer have deteriorated. IICO also will consider the effect of commodity price trends on certain holdings, poor capital management or whether a company has experienced a change or deterioration in its fundamentals, its valuation or its competitive advantage. IICO also may sell a security to take advantage of what it believes are more attractive investment opportunities, to reduce the Fund’s holding in that security or to raise cash.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Company Risk. A company may be more volatile or perform worse than the overall market due to specific factors, such as adverse changes to its business or investor perceptions about the company.
 

∎	 	Concentration Risk. Because the Fund invests more than 25% of its total assets in the energy related industry, the Fund’s performance may be more susceptible to a single economic, regulatory or technological occurrence than a fund that does not concentrate its investments in this industry. Securities of companies within specific industries or sectors of the economy may periodically perform differently than the overall market. In addition, the Fund’s performance may be more volatile than an investment in a portfolio of broad market securities and may underperform the market as a whole, due to the relatively limited number of issuers of energy-related securities.
 

∎	 	Energy Sector Risk. Investment risks associated with investing in energy securities, in addition to other risks, include price fluctuation caused by real and perceived inflationary trends and political developments, the cost assumed in complying with environmental safety regulations, demand of energy fuels, energy conservation, the success of exploration projects, and tax and other governmental regulations.
 

∎	 	Foreign Exposure Risk. The securities of many companies may have significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of the company’s operations, products or services in those foreign markets. As a result, a company’s domicile and/or the markets in which the company’s securities trade may not be fully reflective of its sources of revenue. Such securities would be subject to some of the same risks as an investment in foreign securities, including the risk that political and economic events unique to a country or region will adversely affect those markets in which the company’s products or services are sold.
 

∎	 	Foreign Securities Risk. Investing in foreign securities involves a number of economic, financial, legal, and political considerations that are not associated with the U.S. markets and that could affect the Fund’s performance unfavorably, depending upon the prevailing conditions at any given time. Among these potential risks are: greater price volatility; comparatively weak supervision and regulation of securities exchanges, brokers and issuers; higher brokerage costs; social, political or economic instability; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and related conversion costs or currency redenomination; nationalization or expropriation of assets; adverse foreign tax consequences; different and/or less stringent financial reporting standards; and settlement, custodial or other operational delays. The risks may be exacerbated in connection with investments in emerging markets. World markets, or those in a particular region, all may react in similar fashion to important economic or political developments. In addition, key information about the issuer, the markets or the local government or economy may be unavailable, incomplete or inaccurate. Securities of issuers traded on exchanges may be suspended, either by the issuers themselves, by an exchange or by governmental authorities. The likelihood of such suspensions may be higher for securities of issuers in emerging markets than in more developed markets. In the event that the Fund holds material positions in such suspended securities, the Fund’s ability to liquidate its positions or provide liquidity to investors may be compromised and the Fund could incur significant losses.
 

∎	 	Growth Stock Risk. Prices of growth stocks may be more sensitive to changes in current or expected earnings than the prices of other stocks. Growth stocks may be more volatile or not perform as well as value stocks or the stock market in general.
 

∎	 	Holdings Risk. The Fund typically holds a limited number of stocks (generally 40 to 55). As a result, the appreciation or depreciation of any one security held by the Fund may have a greater impact on the Fund’s NAV than it would if the Fund invested in a larger number of securities.
 

∎	 	Initial Public Offering (IPO) Risk. Any positive effect of investments in IPOs may not be sustainable because of a number of factors. Namely, the Fund may not be able to buy shares in some IPOs, or may be able to buy only a small number of shares. Also, the performance of IPOs generally is volatile, and is dependent on market psychology and economic conditions. To the extent that IPOs have a significant positive impact on the Fund’s performance, this may not be able to be replicated in the future. The relative performance impact of IPOs also is likely to decline as the Fund grows.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results, and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds.
 

∎	 	
Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers

 

150	 	Prospectus	 	Specialty Funds
Table of Contents
 	
in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.

 

∎	 	Value Stock Risk. Value stocks are stocks of companies that may have experienced adverse business or industry developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the stocks to be out of favor and, in the opinion of IICO, undervalued. The value of a security believed by IICO to be undervalued may never reach what is believed to be its full value, such security’s value may decrease or such security may be appropriately priced.
Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with those of a broad-based securities market index and a Lipper and Morningstar peer group (each a universe of mutual funds with investment objectives similar to that of the Fund). The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary. Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares may be better than Return Before Taxes due to an assumed tax benefit from losses on a sale of the Fund’s shares at the end of the period.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 23.26% (the second quarter of 2008) and the lowest quarterly return was -33.24% (the third quarter of 2008). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was 3.63%.
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-18.08%	 	  	 	-0.82%	 	  	 	-2.26%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	-18.14%	 	  	 	-0.83%	 	  	 	-2.27%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	-10.19%	 	  	 	-0.62%	 	  	 	-1.68%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-17.28%	 	  	 	-0.67%	 	  	 	-2.37%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-13.65%	 	  	 	-0.26%	 	  	 	-2.34%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-12.75%	 	  	 	0.76%	 	  	 	-1.31%	 
Class N (began on 07-31-2014)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-12.67%	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	-9.15%	 
 

Specialty Funds	 	Prospectus	 	151
Table of Contents
as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class R (began on 12-19-2012)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-13.32%	 	  	 	0.16%	 	  	 	0.07%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	-12.98%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	-1.56%	 
  				  				  			
Indexes	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
S&P 1500 Energy Sector Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	-2.05%	 	  	 	2.05%	 	  	 	0.85%	 
Lipper Natural Resources Funds Universe Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	-2.57%	 	  	 	-0.67%	 	  	 	-2.19%	 
Morningstar Equity Energy Category Average (net of fees and expenses)

  	 	-5.38%	 	  	 	-3.67%	 	  	 	-3.18%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Managers

David P. Ginther, Senior Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since April 2006, and Michael T. Wolverton, Vice President of IICO, has managed the Fund since October 2016.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A and Class C:

  			
To Open an Account

  	 	$750	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.