Ivy Managed International Opportunities Fund
<head_breaker>

Ivy Managed International Opportunities Fund

Objective

To seek to provide capital growth and appreciation.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in funds within the Ivy Funds and/or InvestEd Portfolios. More information about these and other discounts is available from your financial professional, as well as in the Sales Charge Reductions section on page 255 of the Fund’s prospectus, in the Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Shares section on page 146 of the Fund’s statement of additional information (SAI) and in Appendix B — Intermediary Sales Charge Discounts and Waivers. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges.

Shareholder Fees

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on Purchases (as a % of offering price)

 	 	5.75%	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (Load) (as a % of lesser of amount invested or redemption value)

 	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	5.00%	1 	  	 	1.00%	1 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Maximum Account Fee

 	$	20	2 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 	  	 	None	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 

(expenses that you pay each year as a % of the value of your
investment)	 	Class A	 	  	Class B	 	  	Class C	 	  	Class I	 	  	Class N	 	  	Class R	 	  	Class Y	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.05%	 	  	 	0.05%	 	  	 	0.05%	 	  	 	0.05%	 	  	 	0.05%	 	  	 	0.05%	 	  	 	0.05%	 
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 	 	0.25%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	1.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.50%	 	  	 	0.25%	 
Other Expenses

 	 	0.19%	 	  	 	0.42%	 	  	 	0.23%	 	  	 	0.13%	 	  	 	0.10%	 	  	 	0.11%	 	  	 	0.10%	 
Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses

 	 	0.86%	 	  	 	0.86%	 	  	 	0.86%	 	  	 	0.86%	 	  	 	0.86%	 	  	 	0.86%	 	  	 	0.86%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses3

 	 	1.35%	 	  	 	2.33%	 	  	 	2.14%	 	  	 	1.04%	 	  	 	1.01%	 	  	 	1.52%	 	  	 	1.26%	 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement4,5

 	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.07%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.02%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.00%	 	  	 	0.02%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

 	 	1.35%	 	  	 	2.26%	 	  	 	2.14%	 	  	 	1.02%	 	  	 	1.01%	 	  	 	1.52%	 	  	 	1.24%	 
 

1 	For Class A shares, a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) is only imposed on Class A shares that were purchased at net asset value (NAV) for $1 million or more that are subsequently redeemed within 12 months of purchase. For Class B shares, the CDSC declines from 5% for redemptions within the first year of purchase, to 4% for redemptions within the second year, to 3% for redemptions within the third and fourth years, to 2% for redemptions within the fifth year, to 1% for redemptions within the sixth year and to 0% for redemptions after the sixth year. For Class C shares, a 1% CDSC applies to redemptions within 12 months of purchase.
 

2 	With limited exceptions, for Class A shares, if your Fund account balance is below $650 at the start of business on the Friday prior to the last full week of September of each year, the account will be assessed an account fee of $20.
 

3 	The Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses ratio shown above does not correlate to the expense ratio shown in the Financial Highlights table because that ratio does not include the Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses.
 

4 	Through July 31, 2019, Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO), the Fund’s investment manager, Ivy Distributors, Inc. (IDI), the Fund’s distributor, and/or Waddell & Reed Services Company, doing business as WI Services Company (WISC), the Fund’s transfer agent, have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient management fees, 12b-1 fees and/or shareholder servicing fees to cap the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses (which would exclude interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses and extraordinary expenses, if any) as follows: Class A shares at 0.49%; Class B shares at 1.40%; Class C shares at 1.29%; Class I shares at 0.16%; Class R shares at 0.72%; and Class Y shares at 0.38%. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board of Trustees (Board).
 

5 	Through July 31, 2019, IDI and/or WISC have contractually agreed to reimburse sufficient 12b-1 and/or shareholder servicing fees to ensure that the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class Y shares and the Class N shares do not exceed the total annual ordinary fund operating expenses of the Class A shares and the Class I shares, respectively, as calculated at the end of each month. Prior to that date, the expense limitation may not be terminated without the consent of the Board.
 

122	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
Example

This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the shares of the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the particular class of shares of the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year, that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same and that expenses were capped for the period indicated above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$705	 	  	 	$978	 	  	 	$1,272	 	  	 	$2,105	 
Class B Shares

 	 	629	 	  	 	1,021	 	  	 	1,339	 	  	 	2,415	 
Class C Shares

 	 	217	 	  	 	670	 	  	 	1,149	 	  	 	2,472	 
Class I Shares

 	 	104	 	  	 	329	 	  	 	572	 	  	 	1,269	 
Class N Shares

 	 	103	 	  	 	322	 	  	 	558	 	  	 	1,236	 
Class R Shares

 	 	155	 	  	 	480	 	  	 	829	 	  	 	1,813	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	126	 	  	 	398	 	  	 	690	 	  	 	1,521	 
You would pay the following expenses if you did not redeem your shares:

 

  	 	1 Year	 	  	3 Years	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
Class A Shares

 	 	$705	 	  	 	$978	 	  	 	$1,272	 	  	 	$2,105	 
Class B Shares

 	 	229	 	  	 	721	 	  	 	1,239	 	  	 	2,415	 
Class C Shares

 	 	217	 	  	 	670	 	  	 	1,149	 	  	 	2,472	 
Class I Shares

 	 	104	 	  	 	329	 	  	 	572	 	  	 	1,269	 
Class N Shares

 	 	103	 	  	 	322	 	  	 	558	 	  	 	1,236	 
Class R Shares

 	 	155	 	  	 	480	 	  	 	829	 	  	 	1,813	 
Class Y Shares

 	 	126	 	  	 	398	 	  	 	690	 	  	 	1,521	 
Portfolio Turnover

The Fund will not incur transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sell shares of the underlying funds (or “turns over” its portfolio), but it could incur transaction costs if it were to buy and sell other types of securities directly. If the Fund were to buy and sell other types of securities directly, a higher portfolio turnover rate could indicate higher transaction costs and could result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. Such costs, if incurred, would not be reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example and would affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 10% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies

Ivy Managed International Opportunities Fund is a “fund-of-funds” that seeks to achieve its objective by providing investors a diversified portfolio of international stocks, as well as a modest amount of bonds, by investing primarily in Class N shares of certain Ivy Funds global/international mutual funds, as identified below. Each underlying Ivy Fund, in turn, invests in a diversified portfolio of foreign equity securities of issuers in developed as well as emerging markets, and, to a lesser extent, a mixture of securities and bonds issued by foreign corporations and governments, and U.S. equity securities.

The Board, based upon the recommendation of IICO, has authorized the following target allocation ranges for investment of the Fund’s assets in specific underlying funds, although IICO expects the allocation will change over time:

 

Underlying Fund	 	Maximum
Allocation	 	  	Minimum
Allocation	 
Ivy Emerging Markets Equity Fund

 	 	60%	 	  	 	0%	 
Ivy European Opportunities Fund

 	 	60%	 	  	 	0%	 
Ivy Global Equity Income Fund

 	 	60%	 	  	 	0%	 
Ivy Global Growth Fund

 	 	60%	 	  	 	0%	 
Ivy Global Income Allocation Fund

 	 	60%	 	  	 	0%	 
Ivy IG International Small Cap Fund

 	 	60%	 	  	 	0%	 
Ivy International Core Equity Fund

 	 	60%	 	  	 	0%	 
Ivy Pzena International Value Fund

 	 	60%	 	  	 	0%	 
 

Global/International Funds	 	Prospectus	 	123
Table of Contents
IICO monitors the Fund’s holdings and cash flow and, in general, manages them as needed in order to maintain the Fund’s target allocations. IICO does not intend to trade actively among the underlying funds nor does it intend to attempt to capture short-term market opportunities. However, in seeking to enhance performance, IICO may change allocations within the stated ranges. IICO may modify the above-specified target asset allocations for the Fund and also may modify, from time to time, the underlying funds selected for the Fund. In addition, the percentage specified at the high end of the investment range for an underlying fund is a target, and from time to time, IICO or market movements (or a combination of both) may cause the Fund’s investment in an underlying fund to temporarily exceed its target percentage.

By owning shares of the underlying funds, the Fund indirectly holds primarily equity securities of international, including emerging market and, to a lesser extent, U.S. companies of any size as well as a modest amount of fixed-income securities.

Principal Investment Risks

As with any mutual fund, the value of the Fund’s shares will change, and you could lose money on your investment. The Fund is not intended as a complete investment program. A variety of factors can affect the investment performance of the Fund and prevent it from achieving its objective. These include:

 

∎	 	Emerging Market Risk. Investments in countries with emerging economies or securities markets may carry greater risk than investments in more developed countries. Political and economic structures in many such countries may be undergoing significant evolution and rapid development, and such countries may lack the social, political and economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. Investments in securities issued in these countries may be more volatile and less liquid than securities issued in more developed countries. Emerging markets are more susceptible to capital controls, governmental interference, local taxes being imposed on international investments, restrictions on gaining access to sales proceeds, and less efficient trading markets.
 

∎	 	Foreign Currency Risk. Foreign securities held by the underlying funds may be denominated in foreign currencies. The value of the Fund’s investments, as measured in U.S. dollars, may be unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and exchange control regulations. Investing in foreign currencies for purposes of gaining from projected changes in exchange rates further increases the Fund’s exposure to foreign investment losses. Currency markets generally are not as regulated as securities markets.
 

∎	 	Foreign Securities Risk. Investing in foreign securities involves a number of economic, financial, legal, and political considerations that are not associated with the U.S. markets and that could affect the Fund’s performance unfavorably, depending upon the prevailing conditions at any given time. Among these potential risks are: greater price volatility; comparatively weak supervision and regulation of securities exchanges, brokers and issuers; higher brokerage costs; social, political or economic instability; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and related conversion costs or currency redenomination; nationalization or expropriation of assets; adverse foreign tax consequences; different and/or less stringent financial reporting standards; and settlement, custodial or other operational delays. The risks may be exacerbated in connection with investments in emerging markets. World markets, or those in a particular region, all may react in similar fashion to important economic or political developments. In addition, key information about the issuer, the markets or the local government or economy may be unavailable, incomplete or inaccurate. Securities of issuers traded on exchanges may be suspended, either by the issuers themselves, by an exchange or by governmental authorities. The likelihood of such suspensions may be higher for securities of issuers in emerging markets than in more developed markets. In the event that the Fund holds material positions in such suspended securities, the Fund’s ability to liquidate its positions or provide liquidity to investors may be compromised and the Fund could incur significant losses.
 

∎	 	Fund of Funds Risk. The ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective is directly related to its target allocations among the underlying funds and the ability of those funds to meet their investment objectives. The Fund’s share price will likely change daily based on the performance of the underlying funds in which it invests. In general, the Fund is subject to the same risks as those of the underlying funds it holds. IICO has the authority to select and replace underlying funds. IICO is subject to a potential conflict of interest in doing so because IICO serves as the investment manager to the underlying funds and the advisory fees paid by some of the underlying funds are higher than fees paid by other underlying funds. It is important to note, however, that IICO has a fiduciary duty to the Fund and must act in the Fund’s best interests.
 

 	∎	 	Equity Funds Risk. The Fund invests in equity funds, for which a principal risk is market risk, the chance that stock prices overall will decline over short or even long periods of time. This includes the risk that returns from the stock market segments in which the Fund is most heavily indirectly invested may underperform other asset classes, other market segments or the overall stock market.
The values of certain types of stocks, such as stocks of small cap companies and foreign companies, may fluctuate more widely than others. The prices of small cap company stocks may be based, in part, on future expectations rather than current achievements.

 

 	∎	 	Bond and Fixed-Income Securities Risk. A portion of the Fund’s assets may be invested in funds that have exposure to bonds and other fixed-income securities. The principal risks that may be encountered by such investments are: bond prices overall may decline when interest rates rise (interest rate risk); a bond issuer may fail to pay interest and principal in a timely manner (credit risk); and a fixed-income security issuer may repay a higher yielding bond before its maturity date, during periods of falling interest rates (reinvestment risk). Interest rates in the U.S. are at, or near, historic lows, which may increase the Fund’s exposure to risks associated with rising rates. The underlying funds may be subject to heightened interest rate risk as a result of a rise or anticipated rise in interest rates. In addition, a general rise in rates may result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the fixed-income markets generally.
 

124	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
∎	 	Investment Company Securities Risk. Investment in other investment companies typically reflects the risks of the types of securities in which the investment companies invest. When the Fund invests in another investment company, shareholders of the Fund bear their proportionate share of the other investment company’s fees and expenses as well as their share of the Fund’s fees and expenses, which could result in the duplication of certain fees.
 

∎	 	Management Risk. Fund performance is primarily dependent on IICO’s skill in evaluating and managing the Fund’s portfolio. There can be no guarantee that its decisions will produce the desired results and the Fund may not perform as well as other similar mutual funds. Furthermore, IICO may alter the asset allocation of the Fund at its discretion. A material change in the asset allocation could affect both the level of risk and the potential for gain or loss.
 

∎	 	Market Risk. Markets can be volatile, and the Fund’s holdings can decline in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market or economic developments or conditions that may cause a broad market decline. Different parts of the market, including different sectors and different types of securities, can react differently to these developments. Since the financial crisis that started in 2008, the U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience its after-effects, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in volatility in the financial markets, both U.S. and foreign. Global economies and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country or region may adversely affect issuers in another country or region, which in turn may adversely affect securities held by the Fund. These circumstances also have decreased liquidity in some markets and may continue to do so. In addition, certain events, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, and other geopolitical events, have led, and may in the future lead, to increased short-term market volatility and may have adverse long-term effects on world economies and markets generally.
Additional information about the risks of the underlying funds is provided in the underlying funds’ prospectus in their respective sections and in the section entitled Additional Information about Principal Investment Strategies, Other Investments and Risks.

Performance

The chart and table below provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The chart shows how performance has varied from year to year for Class A shares. The table shows the average annual total returns for each Class of the Fund and also compares the Fund’s returns with that of a broad-based securities market index. The chart does not reflect any sales charges and, if those sales charges were included, returns would be less than those shown. Unlike the returns in the chart, the returns in the table reflect the maximum applicable sales charges for the Fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual Federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs), or to shares held by non-taxable entities. After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for other Classes may vary.

Performance results include the effect of expense reduction arrangements for some or all of the periods shown. If those arrangements had not been in place, the performance results for those periods would have been lower.

Effective February 11, 2014, the name of one of the Fund’s underlying funds, Ivy Pacific Opportunities Fund, was changed to Ivy Emerging Markets Equity Fund, and its strategy was changed to reflect a concentration in emerging market equity securities. Performance prior to such time in part reflects Ivy Pacific Opportunities Fund’s former strategy to invest primarily in Pacific region equity securities, and the Fund’s performance may have differed if Ivy Emerging Markets Equity Fund’s current strategy had been in place. In addition, in November 2014, Ivy Global Growth Fund increased its emphasis on investment in the stocks of U.S. companies. Also, effective January 1, 2015, the name of Ivy International Growth Fund was changed to Ivy Global Growth Fund and its strategy was changed to reflect a global focus. Performance prior to January 2015 reflects Ivy Global Growth Fund’s former international strategy and may have differed if Ivy Global Growth Fund’s current strategy that includes investing globally had been in place.

The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Current performance may be lower or higher. Please visit www.ivyinvestments.com or call 800.777.6472 for the Fund’s updated performance.

Chart of Year-by-Year Returns

as of December 31 each year

 

LOGO

  	In the period shown in the chart, the highest quarterly return was 24.73% (the second quarter of 2009) and the lowest quarterly return was -21.37% (the third quarter of 2011). The Class A return for the year through June 30, 2018 was -2.86%.
 

Global/International Funds	 	Prospectus	 	125
Table of Contents
Average Annual Total Returns

 

as of December 31, 2017	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years
(or Life of
Class)	 
Class A

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	17.25%	 	  	 	6.09%	 	  	 	1.97%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions

  	 	16.58%	 	  	 	5.75%	 	  	 	1.62%	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares

  	 	10.30%	 	  	 	4.73%	 	  	 	1.48%	 
Class B

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	20.00%	 	  	 	6.38%	 	  	 	1.88%	 
Class C

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	24.03%	 	  	 	6.63%	 	  	 	1.84%	 
Class I

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	24.71%	 	  	 	7.60%	 	  	 	2.89%	 
Class N (began on 07-05-2017)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	N/A	 	  	 	N/A	 	  	 	9.77%	 
Class R (began on 12-19-2012)

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	24.24%	 	  	 	7.17%	 	  	 	7.24%	 
Class Y

  				  				  			
Return Before Taxes

  	 	24.53%	 	  	 	7.44%	 	  	 	2.64%	 
  				  				  			
Index	  	1 Year	 	  	5 Years	 	  	10 Years	 
MSCI ACWI ex U.S.A. Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)

  	 	27.19%	 	  	 	6.80%	 	  	 	1.84%	 
Investment Adviser

The Fund is managed by Ivy Investment Management Company (IICO).

Portfolio Managers

John C. Maxwell, Senior Vice President of IICO, and Aaron D. Young, Vice President of IICO, have managed the Fund since October 2016.

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The Fund’s shares are redeemable. You may purchase or redeem shares on any business day at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC if your account is held directly by the Fund (Direct Accounts) or by your broker-dealer or other financial intermediary if your account is held by the financial intermediary on a networked or omnibus basis with the Funds. Purchases and redemptions are subject to any applicable sales charge. For Direct Accounts, requests to purchase or redeem shares may be submitted in writing to WISC at P.O. Box 29217, Shawnee Mission, Kansas 66201-9217 (all share classes), by telephone (800.777.6472) (Class A, B and C shares) or via the internet if you have completed an Express Transaction Authorization Form (www.ivyinvestments.com) (Class A, B and C shares). If your shares are not held in a Direct Account (such as for Class N shares and Class R shares), please contact your broker-dealer, financial advisor, plan administrator, third-party record keeper or other applicable financial intermediary to purchase or sell shares of the Fund. The Fund’s Class B shares are not available for purchase by new or existing investors, but are available for dividend reinvestment and exchanges. Purchases and redemptions of Fund shares in Direct Accounts through Waddell & Reed, Inc. (Waddell & Reed) as your broker will be reviewed by Waddell & Reed to ensure they are in good order and then forwarded to WISC and will be processed at the Fund’s NAV per share next calculated after your order is received in proper form by WISC.

 

126	 	Prospectus	 	Global/International Funds
Table of Contents
The Fund’s initial and subsequent investment minimums generally are as follows, although the Fund and/or IDI may reduce or waive the minimums in some cases:

 

For Class A and Class C:

  			
To Open an Account

  	 	$750	 
For accounts opened with Automatic Investment Service (AIS)

  	 	$150	 
For accounts established through payroll deductions and salary deferrals

  	 	Any amount	 
To Add to an Account

  	 	Any amount	 
For AIS

  	 	$50	 
For Class I, Class N, Class R and Class Y:

  			
Please check with your broker-dealer, plan administrator or third-party record keeper for information about minimum investment requirements.

 

Tax Information

The Fund’s distributions generally are taxable to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gain, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA, in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of monies from the tax-deferred arrangement.

Payments to Broker-Dealers and other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and/or IICO and/or its affiliates may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s web site for more information.