Janus Henderson Forty Portfolio
<head_breaker>

Janus Henderson Forty Portfolio
Ticker:	JACAX	Institutional Shares
    
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
Janus Henderson Forty Portfolio (“Forty Portfolio”) seeks long-term growth of capital.
FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE PORTFOLIO
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold Shares of the Portfolio. Owners of variable insurance contracts that invest in the Shares should refer to the variable insurance contract prospectus for a description of fees and expenses, as the following table and examples do not reflect deductions at the separate account level or contract level for any charges that may be incurred under a contract. Inclusion of these charges would increase the fees and expenses described below.
ANNUAL FUND OPERATING EXPENSES
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)	 	 
Management Fees (may adjust up or down)	 	0.72%
Other Expenses	 	0.10%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	 	0.82%
  
EXAMPLE:
The Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Portfolio with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Portfolio for the time periods indicated, reinvest all dividends and distributions, and then redeem all of your Shares at the end of each period. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Portfolio’s operating expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Institutional Shares	$ 84	$ 262	$ 455	$ 1,014
  
Portfolio Turnover:  The Portfolio pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the Example, affect the Portfolio’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Portfolio’s turnover rate was 39% of the average value of its portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
The Portfolio pursues its investment objective by normally investing primarily in a core group of 20-40 common stocks selected for their growth potential. The Portfolio may invest in companies of any size, from larger, well-established companies to smaller, emerging growth companies. The Portfolio may also invest in foreign securities, which may include investments in emerging markets. As of December 31, 2017, the Portfolio held stocks of 43 companies. Of these holdings, 20 comprised approximately 65.10% of the Portfolio’s holdings.
The portfolio managers apply a “bottom up” approach in choosing investments. In other words, the portfolio managers look at companies one at a time to determine if a company is an attractive investment opportunity and if it is consistent with the Portfolio’s investment policies.
The Portfolio may lend portfolio securities on a short-term or long-term basis, in an amount equal to up to one-third of its total assets as determined at the time of the loan origination.
33 	Janus Henderson Forty Portfolio
 

PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT RISKS
The biggest risk is that the Portfolio’s returns will vary, and you could lose money. The Portfolio is designed for long-term investors seeking an equity portfolio, including common stocks. Common stocks tend to be more volatile than many other investment choices.
Market Risk.  The value of the Portfolio’s holdings may decrease if the value of an individual company or security, or multiple companies or securities, in the Portfolio decreases or if the portfolio managers’ belief about a company’s intrinsic worth is incorrect. Further, regardless of how well individual companies or securities perform, the value of the Portfolio’s holdings could also decrease if there are deteriorating economic or market conditions. It is important to understand that the value of your investment may fall, sometimes sharply, in response to changes in the market, and you could lose money. Market risk may affect a single issuer, industry, economic sector, or the market as a whole.
Growth Securities Risk.  The Portfolio invests in companies that the portfolio managers believe have growth potential. Securities of companies perceived to be “growth” companies may be more volatile than other stocks and may involve special risks. If the portfolio managers’ perception of a company’s growth potential is not realized, the securities purchased may not perform as expected, reducing the Portfolio’s returns. In addition, because different types of stocks tend to shift in and out of favor depending on market and economic conditions, “growth” stocks may perform differently from the market as a whole and other types of securities.
Nondiversification Risk.  The Portfolio is classified as nondiversified under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. This gives the portfolio managers more flexibility to hold larger positions in a smaller number of securities. As a result, an increase or decrease in the value of a single security held by the Portfolio may have a greater impact on the Portfolio’s NAV and total return.
Sector Risk.  At times, the Portfolio may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business within an economic sector. Companies in the same economic sector may be similarly affected by economic or market events, making the Portfolio more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that economic sector than funds that invest more broadly. As the Portfolio’s holdings become more concentrated, the Portfolio is less able to spread risk and potentially reduce the risk of loss and volatility.
Foreign Exposure Risk.  The Portfolio may have exposure to foreign markets as a result of its investments in foreign securities, including investments in emerging markets, which can be more volatile than the U.S. markets. As a result, its returns and net asset value may be affected to a large degree by fluctuations in currency exchange rates or political or economic conditions in a particular country. In some foreign markets, there may not be protection against failure by other parties to complete transactions. It may not be possible for the Portfolio to repatriate capital, dividends, interest, and other income from a particular country or governmental entity. In addition, a market swing in one or more countries or regions where the Portfolio has invested a significant amount of its assets may have a greater effect on the Portfolio’s performance than it would in a more geographically diversified portfolio. To the extent the Portfolio invests in foreign debt securities, such investments are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Additionally, investments in securities of foreign governments involve the risk that a foreign government may not be willing or able to pay interest or repay principal when due. The Portfolio’s investments in emerging market countries may involve risks greater than, or in addition to, the risks of investing in more developed countries.
Securities Lending Risk.  The Portfolio may seek to earn additional income through lending its securities to certain qualified broker-dealers and institutions. There is the risk that when portfolio securities are lent, the securities may not be returned on a timely basis, and the Portfolio may experience delays and costs in recovering the security or gaining access to the collateral provided to the Portfolio to collateralize the loan. If the Portfolio is unable to recover a security on loan, the Portfolio may use the collateral to purchase replacement securities in the market. There is a risk that the value of the collateral could decrease below the cost of the replacement security by the time the replacement investment is made, resulting in a loss to the Portfolio.
Management Risk.  The Portfolio is an actively managed investment portfolio and is therefore subject to the risk that the investment strategies employed for the Portfolio may fail to produce the intended results. The Portfolio may underperform its benchmark index or other mutual funds with similar investment objectives.
An investment in the Portfolio is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
34 	Janus Henderson Forty Portfolio
 

PERFORMANCE INFORMATION
The following information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Portfolio by showing how the Portfolio’s performance has varied over time. The bar chart depicts the change in performance from year to year during the periods indicated, but does not include charges or expenses attributable to any insurance product, which would lower the performance illustrated. The Portfolio does not impose any sales or other charges that would affect total return computations. Total return figures include the effect of the Portfolio’s expenses. The table compares the average annual returns for the Institutional Shares of the Portfolio for the periods indicated to broad-based securities market indices. All figures assume reinvestment of dividends and distributions.
The Portfolio’s past performance does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Updated performance information is available at janushenderson.com/VITperformance or by calling 1-877-335-2687.
Annual Total Returns for Institutional Shares (calendar year-end)

    
Best Quarter: 2nd Quarter 2009 22.15%	Worst Quarter: 3rd Quarter 2008 – 25.35%
  
    
Average Annual Total Returns (periods ended 12/31/17)
 	1 Year	5 Years	10 Years	Since
Inception
(5/1/97)
Forty Portfolio
Institutional Shares	30.31%	16.35%	7.98%	11.44%
Russell 1000® Growth Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	30.21%	17.33%	10.00%	7.67%
S&P 500® Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	21.83%	15.79%	8.50%	8.03%
  
The Portfolio’s primary benchmark index is the Russell 1000® Growth Index. The Portfolio also compares its performance to the S&P 500® Index. The Russell 1000® Growth Index is used to calculate the Portfolio’s performance fee adjustment. The indices are described below.
•	The Russell 1000® Growth Index measures the performance of those Russell 1000® companies with higher price-to-book ratios and higher forecasted growth values.
•	The S&P 500® Index is a commonly recognized, market-capitalization weighted index of 500 widely held equity securities, designed to measure broad U.S. equity performance.
35 	Janus Henderson Forty Portfolio
 

MANAGEMENT
Investment Adviser:  Janus Capital Management LLC
Portfolio Managers:  A. Douglas Rao is Executive Vice President and Co-Portfolio Manager of the Portfolio, which he has managed or co-managed since June 2013. Nick Schommer, CFA, is Executive Vice President and Co-Portfolio Manager of the Portfolio, which he has co-managed since January 2016.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF PORTFOLIO SHARES
Purchases of Shares may be made only by the separate accounts of insurance companies for the purpose of funding variable insurance contracts or by certain qualified retirement plans. Redemptions, like purchases, may be effected only through the separate accounts of participating insurance companies or through qualified retirement plans. Requests are duly processed at the NAV next calculated after your order is received in good order by the Portfolio or its agents. Refer to the appropriate separate account prospectus or plan documents for details.
TAX INFORMATION
Because Shares of the Portfolio may be purchased only through variable insurance contracts and certain qualified retirement plans, it is anticipated that any income dividends or net capital gains distributions made by the Portfolio will be exempt from current federal income taxation if left to accumulate within the variable insurance contract or qualified retirement plan. The federal income tax status of your investment depends on the features of your qualified retirement plan or variable insurance contract.
PAYMENTS TO INSURERS, BROKER-DEALERS, AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
Portfolio shares are generally available only through an insurer’s variable contracts, or through certain employer or other retirement plans (Retirement Products). Retirement Products are generally purchased through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary. The Portfolio or its distributor (and/or their related companies) may make payments to the insurer and/or its related companies for distribution and/or other services; some of the payments may go to broker-dealers and other financial intermediaries. These payments may create a conflict of interest for an intermediary, or be a factor in the insurer’s decision to include the Portfolio as an underlying investment option in a variable contract. Ask your financial advisor, visit your intermediary’s website, or consult your insurance contract prospectus for more information.