Janus Henderson Flexible Bond Portfolio
<head_breaker>

Janus Henderson Flexible Bond Portfolio
Ticker:	JAFLX	Institutional Shares
    
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
Janus Henderson Flexible Bond Portfolio (“Flexible Bond Portfolio”) seeks to obtain maximum total return, consistent with preservation of capital.
FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE PORTFOLIO
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold Shares of the Portfolio. Owners of variable insurance contracts that invest in the Shares should refer to the variable insurance contract prospectus for a description of fees and expenses, as the following table and examples do not reflect deductions at the separate account level or contract level for any charges that may be incurred under a contract. Inclusion of these charges would increase the fees and expenses described below.
ANNUAL FUND OPERATING EXPENSES
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)	 	 
Management Fees	 	0.49%
Other Expenses	 	0.11%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	 	0.60%
  
EXAMPLE:
The Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Portfolio with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Portfolio for the time periods indicated, reinvest all dividends and distributions, and then redeem all of your Shares at the end of each period. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Portfolio’s operating expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Institutional Shares	$ 61	$ 192	$ 335	$ 750
  
Portfolio Turnover:  The Portfolio pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the Example, affect the Portfolio’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Portfolio’s turnover rate was 130% of the average value of its portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
The Portfolio pursues its investment objective by primarily investing, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) in bonds. Bonds include, but are not limited to, government notes and bonds, corporate bonds, convertible bonds, commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities, and zero-coupon bonds. The Portfolio will invest at least 65% of its assets in investment grade debt securities. The Portfolio may invest in securities of varying maturities and as of December 31, 2017, the Portfolio’s weighted average maturity was 7.62 years. The Portfolio will limit its investment in high-yield/high-risk bonds, also known as “junk” bonds, to 35% or less of its net assets. The Portfolio generates total return from a combination of current income and capital appreciation, but income is usually the dominant portion. The Portfolio may also invest in asset-backed securities, money market instruments, commercial loans, and foreign debt securities (which may include investments in emerging markets). The Portfolio may enter into “to be announced” or “TBA” commitments when purchasing mortgage-backed securities or other securities. Due to the nature of the securities in which the Portfolio invests, it may have relatively high portfolio turnover compared to other portfolios.
Additionally, the Portfolio may invest its assets in derivatives, which are instruments that have a value derived from, or directly linked to, an underlying asset, such as equity securities, fixed-income securities, commodities, currencies, interest
2 	Janus Henderson Flexible Bond Portfolio
 

rates, or market indices. In particular, the Portfolio may use futures, including interest rate futures, Treasury bond futures, and exchange-traded futures, to manage portfolio risk and interest rate exposure. The Portfolio’s exposure to derivatives will vary. For purposes of meeting its 80% investment policy, the Portfolio may include derivatives that have characteristics similar to the securities in which the Portfolio may directly invest.
In addition to considering economic factors such as the effect of interest rates on the Portfolio’s investments, the portfolio managers apply a “bottom up” approach in choosing investments. This means that the portfolio managers look at income-producing securities one at a time to determine if a security is an attractive investment opportunity and if it is consistent with the Portfolio’s investment policies. The portfolio managers additionally consider the expected risk-adjusted return on a particular investment and the Portfolio’s overall risk allocations and volatility.
The Portfolio may lend portfolio securities on a short-term or long-term basis, in an amount equal to up to one-third of its total assets as determined at the time of the loan origination.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT RISKS
Although the Portfolio may be less volatile than funds that invest most of their assets in common stocks, the Portfolio’s returns and yields will vary, and you could lose money.
Fixed-Income Securities Risk.  The Portfolio invests in a variety of fixed-income securities. Typically, the values of fixed-income securities change inversely with prevailing interest rates. Therefore, a fundamental risk of fixed-income securities is interest rate risk, which is the risk that the value of such securities will generally decline as prevailing interest rates rise, which may cause the Portfolio’s net asset value to likewise decrease. For example, while securities with longer maturities and durations tend to produce higher yields, they also tend to be more sensitive to changes in prevailing interest rates and are therefore more volatile than shorter-term securities and are subject to greater market fluctuations as a result of changes in interest rates. Further, during periods of very low or negative interest rates, the Portfolio may not be able to maintain positive returns. The Portfolio may be subject to heightened interest rate risk because the Federal Reserve has ended its monetary stimulus program known as quantitative easing and interest rates are near historically low levels. The Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rate several times in recent periods and has signaled additional increases in the near future. To the extent the Federal Reserve continues to raise rates, there is a risk that the fixed-income markets will experience increased volatility and that the liquidity of certain Portfolio investments may be reduced. These developments could cause the Portfolio’s net asset value to fluctuate or make it more difficult for the Portfolio to accurately value its securities. These developments or others also could cause the Portfolio to face increased shareholder redemptions, which may lead to increased portfolio turnover and transaction costs, or could force the Portfolio to liquidate investments at disadvantageous times or prices, therefore adversely affecting the Portfolio as well as the value of your investment. The amount of assets deemed illiquid remaining within the Portfolio may also increase, making it more difficult to meet shareholder redemptions and further adversely affecting the value of the Portfolio. How specific fixed-income securities may react to changes in interest rates will depend on the specific characteristics of each security. Fixed-income securities are also subject to credit risk, prepayment risk, valuation risk, extension risk, and liquidity risk. Credit risk is the risk that the credit strength of an issuer of a fixed-income security will weaken and/or that the issuer will be unable to make timely principal and interest payments and that the security may go into default. Prepayment risk is the risk that during periods of falling interest rates, certain fixed-income securities with higher interest rates, such as mortgage- and asset-backed securities, may be prepaid by their issuers thereby reducing the amount of interest payments. Valuation risk is the risk that one or more of the fixed-income securities in which the Portfolio invests are priced differently than the value realized upon such security’s sale. In times of market instability, valuation may be more difficult. Extension risk is the risk that borrowers may pay off their debt obligations more slowly in times of rising interest rates, which will lengthen the duration of the portfolio. Liquidity risk is the risk that fixed-income securities may be difficult or impossible to sell at the time that the portfolio managers would like or at the price the portfolio managers believe the security is currently worth. Liquidity risk may be increased to the extent that the Portfolio invests in Rule 144A and restricted securities.
Sovereign Debt Risk.  The Portfolio may invest in U.S. and non-U.S. government debt securities (“sovereign debt”). Some investments in sovereign debt, such as U.S. sovereign debt, are considered low risk. However, investments in sovereign debt, especially the debt of less developed countries, can involve a high degree of risk, including the risk that the governmental entity that controls the repayment of sovereign debt may not be willing or able to repay the principal and/or to pay the interest on its sovereign debt in a timely manner. A sovereign debtor’s willingness or ability to satisfy its debt obligation may be affected by various factors including, but not limited to, its cash flow situation, the extent of its foreign currency reserves,
3 	Janus Henderson Flexible Bond Portfolio
 

the availability of foreign exchange when a payment is due, and the relative size of its debt position in relation to its economy as a whole. In the event of default, there may be limited or no legal remedies for collecting sovereign debt and there may be no bankruptcy proceedings through which the Portfolio may collect all or part of the sovereign debt that a governmental entity has not repaid. In addition, to the extent the Portfolio invests in non-U.S. sovereign debt, it may be subject to currency risk.
Mortgage- and Asset-Backed Securities Risk.  Mortgage- and asset-backed securities represent interests in “pools” of commercial or residential mortgages or other assets, including consumer loans or receivables. Mortgage- and asset-backed securities tend to be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than other types of debt securities. Investments in mortgage- and asset-backed securities are subject to both extension risk, where borrowers pay off their debt obligations more slowly in times of rising interest rates, and prepayment risk, where borrowers pay off their debt obligations sooner than expected in times of declining interest rates. These risks may reduce the Portfolio’s returns. In addition, investments in mortgage- and asset-backed securities, including those comprised of subprime mortgages, may be subject to a higher degree of credit risk, valuation risk, and liquidity risk than various other types of fixed-income securities.
High-Yield/High-Risk Bond Risk.  High-yield/high-risk bonds are considered speculative and may be more sensitive than other types of bonds to economic changes, political changes, or adverse developments specific to the company that issued the bond, which may adversely affect their value.
Foreign Exposure Risk.  The Portfolio may have exposure to foreign markets as a result of its investments in foreign securities, including investments in emerging markets, which can be more volatile than the U.S. markets. As a result, its returns and net asset value may be affected to a large degree by fluctuations in currency exchange rates or political or economic conditions in a particular country. In some foreign markets, there may not be protection against failure by other parties to complete transactions. It may not be possible for the Portfolio to repatriate capital, dividends, interest, and other income from a particular country or governmental entity. In addition, a market swing in one or more countries or regions where the Portfolio has invested a significant amount of its assets may have a greater effect on the Portfolio’s performance than it would in a more geographically diversified portfolio. To the extent the Portfolio invests in foreign debt securities, such investments are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Additionally, investments in securities of foreign governments involve the risk that a foreign government may not be willing or able to pay interest or repay principal when due. The Portfolio’s investments in emerging market countries may involve risks greater than, or in addition to, the risks of investing in more developed countries.
Loan Risk.  The Portfolio may invest in a variety of loans. Bank loans are obligations of companies or other entities entered into in connection with recapitalizations, acquisitions, and refinancings. The Portfolio’s investments in bank loans are generally acquired as a participation interest in, or assignment of, loans originated by a lender or other financial institution. These investments may include institutionally-traded floating and fixed-rate debt securities. The bank loans underlying these securities often involve borrowers with low credit ratings whose financial conditions are troubled or uncertain, including companies that are highly leveraged or in bankruptcy proceedings. Participation interests and assignments involve credit, interest rate, and liquidity risk.
Portfolio Turnover Risk.  Increased portfolio turnover may result in higher costs, which may have a negative effect on the Portfolio’s performance.
TBA Commitments Risk.  The Portfolio may enter into “to be announced” or “TBA” commitments. Although the particular TBA securities must meet industry-accepted “good delivery” standards, there can be no assurance that a security purchased on a forward commitment basis will ultimately be issued or delivered by the counterparty. During the settlement period, the Portfolio will still bear the risk of any decline in the value of the security to be delivered. Because TBA commitments do not require the purchase and sale of identical securities, the characteristics of the security delivered to the Portfolio may be less favorable than the security delivered to the dealer. If the counterparty to a transaction fails to deliver the securities, the Portfolio could suffer a loss.
Derivatives Risk.  Derivatives can be highly volatile and involve risks in addition to the risks of the underlying referenced securities or asset. Gains or losses from a derivative investment can be substantially greater than the derivative’s original cost, and can therefore involve leverage. Leverage may cause the Portfolio to be more volatile than if it had not used leverage. Derivatives can be less liquid than other types of investments and entail the risk that the counterparty will default on its payment obligations. The Portfolio may use derivatives, including futures, for hedging purposes. Hedging with derivatives may increase expenses, and there is no guarantee that a hedging strategy will work. While hedging can reduce or eliminate
4 	Janus Henderson Flexible Bond Portfolio
 

losses, it can also reduce or eliminate gains or cause losses if the market moves in a manner different from that anticipated by the Portfolio or if the cost of the derivative outweighs the benefit of the hedge.
Securities Lending Risk.  The Portfolio may seek to earn additional income through lending its securities to certain qualified broker-dealers and institutions. There is the risk that when portfolio securities are lent, the securities may not be returned on a timely basis, and the Portfolio may experience delays and costs in recovering the security or gaining access to the collateral provided to the Portfolio to collateralize the loan. If the Portfolio is unable to recover a security on loan, the Portfolio may use the collateral to purchase replacement securities in the market. There is a risk that the value of the collateral could decrease below the cost of the replacement security by the time the replacement investment is made, resulting in a loss to the Portfolio.
Management Risk.  The Portfolio is an actively managed investment portfolio and is therefore subject to the risk that the investment strategies employed for the Portfolio may fail to produce the intended results. The Portfolio may underperform its benchmark index or other mutual funds with similar investment objectives.
An investment in the Portfolio is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
PERFORMANCE INFORMATION
The following information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Portfolio by showing how the Portfolio’s performance has varied over time. The bar chart depicts the change in performance from year to year during the periods indicated, but does not include charges or expenses attributable to any insurance product, which would lower the performance illustrated. The Portfolio does not impose any sales or other charges that would affect total return computations. Total return figures include the effect of the Portfolio’s expenses. The table compares the average annual returns for the Institutional Shares of the Portfolio for the periods indicated to a broad-based securities market index. All figures assume reinvestment of dividends and distributions. For certain periods, the Portfolio’s performance reflects the effect of expense waivers. Without the effect of these expense waivers, the performance shown would have been lower.
The Portfolio’s past performance does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Updated performance information is available at janushenderson.com/VITperformance or by calling 1-877-335-2687.
Annual Total Returns for Institutional Shares (calendar year-end)

    
Best Quarter: 3rd Quarter 2009 5.88%	Worst Quarter: 4th Quarter 2016 – 2.73%
  
    
Average Annual Total Returns (periods ended 12/31/17)
 	1 Year	5 Years	10 Years	Since
Inception
(9/13/93)
Flexible Bond Portfolio
Institutional Shares	3.62%	2.20%	5.27%	6.34%
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	3.54%	2.10%	4.01%	5.22%
  
5 	Janus Henderson Flexible Bond Portfolio
 

The Portfolio’s primary benchmark index is the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. The index is described below.
•	The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index is made up of the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Corporate Bond Index, Mortgage-Backed Securities Index, and Asset-Backed Securities Index, including securities that are of investment grade quality or better, have at least one year to maturity, and have an outstanding par value of at least $100 million.
    
MANAGEMENT
Investment Adviser:  Janus Capital Management LLC
Portfolio Managers:  Michael Keough is Executive Vice President and Co-Portfolio Manager of the Portfolio, which he has co-managed since December 2015. Mayur Saigal is Executive Vice President and Co-Portfolio Manager of the Portfolio, which he has co-managed since December 2015. Darrell Watters is Executive Vice President and Co-Portfolio Manager of the Portfolio, which he has co-managed since May 2007.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF PORTFOLIO SHARES
Purchases of Shares may be made only by the separate accounts of insurance companies for the purpose of funding variable insurance contracts or by certain qualified retirement plans. Redemptions, like purchases, may be effected only through the separate accounts of participating insurance companies or through qualified retirement plans. Requests are duly processed at the NAV next calculated after your order is received in good order by the Portfolio or its agents. Refer to the appropriate separate account prospectus or plan documents for details.
TAX INFORMATION
Because Shares of the Portfolio may be purchased only through variable insurance contracts and certain qualified retirement plans, it is anticipated that any income dividends or net capital gains distributions made by the Portfolio will be exempt from current federal income taxation if left to accumulate within the variable insurance contract or qualified retirement plan. The federal income tax status of your investment depends on the features of your qualified retirement plan or variable insurance contract.
PAYMENTS TO INSURERS, BROKER-DEALERS, AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
Portfolio shares are generally available only through an insurer’s variable contracts, or through certain employer or other retirement plans (Retirement Products). Retirement Products are generally purchased through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary. The Portfolio or its distributor (and/or their related companies) may make payments to the insurer and/or its related companies for distribution and/or other services; some of the payments may go to broker-dealers and other financial intermediaries. These payments may create a conflict of interest for an intermediary, or be a factor in the insurer’s decision to include the Portfolio as an underlying investment option in a variable contract. Ask your financial advisor, visit your intermediary’s website, or consult your insurance contract prospectus for more information.