Janus Henderson Global Research Portfolio
<head_breaker>

Janus Henderson Global Research Portfolio
Ticker:	JAWGX	Institutional Shares
    
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
Janus Henderson Global Research Portfolio (“Global Research Portfolio”) seeks long-term growth of capital.
FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE PORTFOLIO
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold Shares of the Portfolio. Owners of variable insurance contracts that invest in the Shares should refer to the variable insurance contract prospectus for a description of fees and expenses, as the following table and examples do not reflect deductions at the separate account level or contract level for any charges that may be incurred under a contract. Inclusion of these charges would increase the fees and expenses described below.
ANNUAL FUND OPERATING EXPENSES
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)	 	 
Management Fees (may adjust up or down)	 	0.54%
Other Expenses	 	0.10%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	 	0.64%
  
EXAMPLE:
The Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Portfolio with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Portfolio for the time periods indicated, reinvest all dividends and distributions, and then redeem all of your Shares at the end of each period. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Portfolio’s operating expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Institutional Shares	$ 65	$ 205	$ 357	$ 798
  
Portfolio Turnover:  The Portfolio pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the Example, affect the Portfolio’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Portfolio’s turnover rate was 41% of the average value of its portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
The Portfolio pursues its investment objective by investing primarily in common stocks selected for their growth potential. The Portfolio may invest in companies of any size located anywhere in the world, from larger, well-established companies to smaller, emerging growth companies. The Portfolio typically invests at least 40% of its net assets in securities of issuers or companies that are economically tied to different countries throughout the world, excluding the United States. The Portfolio may have significant exposure to emerging markets. Because the Portfolio’s investments in foreign securities are partially based on the composition of the Portfolio’s benchmark index, the MSCI World Indexsm, the Portfolio’s exposure to foreign markets may fluctuate in connection with variations in the foreign exposure of the benchmark index. The Portfolio may also invest in foreign equity and debt securities.
Janus Capital’s equity research analysts, overseen by the Portfolio Oversight Team led by Janus Capital’s Director of Research Carmel Wellso (the “Research Team”), select investments for the Portfolio that represent the Research Team’s high-conviction investment ideas in all market capitalizations, styles, and geographies. The Research Team, comprised of sector specialists, conducts fundamental analysis with a focus on “bottom up” research, quantitative modeling, and valuation analysis. Using this research process, analysts rate their stocks based upon attractiveness. Analysts bring their high-conviction ideas to their
13 	Janus Henderson Global Research Portfolio
 

respective sector teams. Sector teams compare the appreciation and risk potential of each of the team’s high-conviction ideas and construct a sector portfolio that is intended to maximize the best risk-reward opportunities.
Positions may be sold when, among other things, there is no longer high conviction in the return potential of the investment or if the risk characteristics have caused a re-evaluation of the opportunity. This may occur if the stock has appreciated and reflects the anticipated value, if another company represents a better risk-reward opportunity, or if the investment’s fundamental characteristics deteriorate. Securities may also be sold from the portfolio to rebalance sector weightings.
Ms. Wellso oversees the investment process and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Portfolio. It is expected that the Portfolio will be broadly diversified among a variety of industry sectors. The Portfolio intends to be fully invested under normal circumstances. However, under unusual circumstances, if the Research Team does not have high conviction in enough investment opportunities, the Portfolio’s uninvested assets may be held in cash or similar instruments.
The Portfolio may also invest its assets in derivatives, which are instruments that have a value derived from, or directly linked to, an underlying asset, such as equity securities, fixed-income securities, commodities, currencies, interest rates, or market indices. The types of derivatives in which the Portfolio may invest include options, forward currency contracts, and swaps. The Portfolio may use derivatives to manage the Portfolio’s equity exposure, to offset risks associated with an investment, currency exposure, or market conditions, to hedge currency exposure relative to the Portfolio’s benchmark index, and to gain access to markets where direct investment may be restricted or unavailable. The Portfolio may also hold derivatives, such as warrants, in connection with corporate actions.
The Portfolio may lend portfolio securities on a short-term or long-term basis, in an amount equal to up to one-third of its total assets as determined at the time of the loan origination.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT RISKS
The biggest risk is that the Portfolio’s returns will vary, and you could lose money. The Portfolio is designed for long-term investors seeking an equity portfolio, including common stocks. Common stocks tend to be more volatile than many other investment choices.
Foreign Exposure Risk.  The Portfolio normally has significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of its investments in foreign securities, including investments in emerging markets, which can be more volatile than the U.S. markets. As a result, its returns and net asset value may be affected to a large degree by fluctuations in currency exchange rates or political or economic conditions in a particular country. In some foreign markets, there may not be protection against failure by other parties to complete transactions. It may not be possible for the Portfolio to repatriate capital, dividends, interest, and other income from a particular country or governmental entity. In addition, a market swing in one or more countries or regions where the Portfolio has invested a significant amount of its assets may have a greater effect on the Portfolio’s performance than it would in a more geographically diversified portfolio. To the extent the Portfolio invests in foreign debt securities, such investments are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Additionally, investments in securities of foreign governments involve the risk that a foreign government may not be willing or able to pay interest or repay principal when due. The Portfolio’s investments in emerging market countries may involve risks greater than, or in addition to, the risks of investing in more developed countries.
Emerging Markets Risk.  The risks of foreign investing mentioned above are heightened when investing in emerging markets. Emerging markets securities involve a number of additional risks, which may result from less government supervision and regulation of business and industry practices (including the potential lack of strict finance and accounting controls and standards), stock exchanges, brokers, and listed companies, making these investments potentially more volatile in price and less liquid than investments in developed securities markets, resulting in greater risk to investors. There is a risk in developing countries that a future economic or political crisis could lead to price controls, forced mergers of companies, expropriation or confiscatory taxation, imposition or enforcement of foreign ownership limits, seizure, nationalization, sanctions or imposition of restrictions by various governmental entities on investment and trading, or creation of government monopolies, any of which may have a detrimental effect on the Portfolio’s investments. In addition, the Portfolio’s investments may be denominated in foreign currencies and therefore, changes in the value of a country’s currency compared to the U.S. dollar may affect the value of the Portfolio’s investments. To the extent that the Portfolio invests a significant portion of its assets in the securities of emerging markets issuers in or companies of a single country or region, it is more likely to be impacted by events or conditions affecting that country or region, which could have a negative impact on the Portfolio’s performance. Some of the risks of investing directly in foreign and emerging market securities may be reduced when the
14 	Janus Henderson Global Research Portfolio
 

Portfolio invests indirectly in foreign securities through various other investment vehicles including derivatives, which also involve other risks. As of December 31, 2017, approximately 6.4% of the Portfolio’s investments were in emerging markets (i.e., countries included in the MSCI Emerging Markets Indexsm).
Market Risk.  The value of the Portfolio’s holdings may decrease if the value of an individual company or security, or multiple companies or securities, in the Portfolio decreases or if the investment personnel’s belief about a company’s intrinsic worth is incorrect. Further, regardless of how well individual companies or securities perform, the value of the Portfolio’s holdings could also decrease if there are deteriorating economic or market conditions. It is important to understand that the value of your investment may fall, sometimes sharply, in response to changes in the market, and you could lose money. Market risk may affect a single issuer, industry, economic sector, or the market as a whole.
Growth Securities Risk.  The Portfolio invests in companies that the investment personnel believe have growth potential. Securities of companies perceived to be “growth” companies may be more volatile than other stocks and may involve special risks. If the investment personnel’s perception of a company’s growth potential is not realized, the securities purchased may not perform as expected, reducing the Portfolio’s returns. In addition, because different types of stocks tend to shift in and out of favor depending on market and economic conditions, “growth” stocks may perform differently from the market as a whole and other types of securities.
Derivatives Risk.  Derivatives can be highly volatile and involve risks in addition to the risks of the underlying referenced securities or asset. Gains or losses from a derivative investment can be substantially greater than the derivative’s original cost, and can therefore involve leverage. Leverage may cause the Portfolio to be more volatile than if it had not used leverage. Derivatives can be less liquid than other types of investments and entail the risk that the counterparty will default on its payment obligations. Hedging with derivatives may increase expenses, and there is no guarantee that a hedging strategy will work. While hedging can reduce or eliminate losses, it can also reduce or eliminate gains or cause losses if the market moves in a manner different from that anticipated by the Portfolio or if the cost of the derivative outweighs the benefit of the hedge.
Mid-Sized Companies Risk.  The Portfolio’s investments in securities issued by mid-sized companies may involve greater risks than are customarily associated with larger, more established companies. Securities issued by mid-sized companies tend to be more volatile than securities issued by larger or more established companies and may underperform as compared to the securities of larger or more established companies.
Securities Lending Risk.  The Portfolio may seek to earn additional income through lending its securities to certain qualified broker-dealers and institutions. There is the risk that when portfolio securities are lent, the securities may not be returned on a timely basis, and the Portfolio may experience delays and costs in recovering the security or gaining access to the collateral provided to the Portfolio to collateralize the loan. If the Portfolio is unable to recover a security on loan, the Portfolio may use the collateral to purchase replacement securities in the market. There is a risk that the value of the collateral could decrease below the cost of the replacement security by the time the replacement investment is made, resulting in a loss to the Portfolio.
Management Risk.  The Portfolio is an actively managed investment portfolio and is therefore subject to the risk that the investment strategies employed for the Portfolio may fail to produce the intended results. The Portfolio may underperform its benchmark index or other mutual funds with similar investment objectives.
An investment in the Portfolio is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
15 	Janus Henderson Global Research Portfolio
 

PERFORMANCE INFORMATION
The following information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Portfolio by showing how the Portfolio’s performance has varied over time. The bar chart depicts the change in performance from year to year during the periods indicated, but does not include charges or expenses attributable to any insurance product, which would lower the performance illustrated. The Portfolio does not impose any sales or other charges that would affect total return computations. Total return figures include the effect of the Portfolio’s expenses. The table compares the average annual returns for the Institutional Shares of the Portfolio for the periods indicated to broad-based securities market indices. All figures assume reinvestment of dividends and distributions. For certain periods, the Portfolio’s performance reflects the effect of expense waivers. Without the effect of these expense waivers, the performance shown would have been lower.
The Portfolio’s past performance does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Updated performance information is available at janushenderson.com/VITperformance or by calling 1-877-335-2687.
Annual Total Returns for Institutional Shares (calendar year-end)

    
Best Quarter: 2nd Quarter 2009 22.88%	Worst Quarter: 4th Quarter 2008 – 23.13%
  
    
Average Annual Total Returns (periods ended 12/31/17)
 	1 Year	5 Years	10 Years	Since
Inception
(9/13/93)
Global Research Portfolio
Institutional Shares	27.03%	11.82%	4.80%	8.43%
MSCI World Indexsm
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes, except foreign withholding taxes)	22.40%	11.64%	5.03%	7.18%
MSCI All Country World Indexsm
(reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes, except foreign withholding taxes)	23.97%	10.80%	4.65%	N/A
  
The Portfolio’s primary benchmark index is the MSCI World Indexsm. The Portfolio also compares its performance to the MSCI All Country World Indexsm. The MSCI World Indexsm is used to calculate the Portfolio’s performance fee adjustment. The indices are described below.
•	The MSCI World Indexsm is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is designed to measure the equity market performance of developed market countries in North America, Europe, and the Asia/Pacific Region. The index includes reinvestment of dividends, net of foreign withholding taxes.
•	The MSCI All Country World Indexsm is an unmanaged, free float-adjusted, market capitalization weighted index composed of stocks of companies located in countries throughout the world. It is designed to measure equity market performance in global developed and emerging markets. The index includes reinvestment of dividends, net of foreign withholding taxes.
16 	Janus Henderson Global Research Portfolio
 

MANAGEMENT
Investment Adviser:  Janus Capital Management LLC
Portfolio Management:  Carmel Wellso, Janus Capital’s Director of Research and Executive Vice President of the Portfolio, provides general oversight of the Research Team and has done so since December 2014.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF PORTFOLIO SHARES
Purchases of Shares may be made only by the separate accounts of insurance companies for the purpose of funding variable insurance contracts or by certain qualified retirement plans. Redemptions, like purchases, may be effected only through the separate accounts of participating insurance companies or through qualified retirement plans. Requests are duly processed at the NAV next calculated after your order is received in good order by the Portfolio or its agents. Refer to the appropriate separate account prospectus or plan documents for details.
TAX INFORMATION
Because Shares of the Portfolio may be purchased only through variable insurance contracts and certain qualified retirement plans, it is anticipated that any income dividends or net capital gains distributions made by the Portfolio will be exempt from current federal income taxation if left to accumulate within the variable insurance contract or qualified retirement plan. The federal income tax status of your investment depends on the features of your qualified retirement plan or variable insurance contract.
PAYMENTS TO INSURERS, BROKER-DEALERS, AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
Portfolio shares are generally available only through an insurer’s variable contracts, or through certain employer or other retirement plans (Retirement Products). Retirement Products are generally purchased through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary. The Portfolio or its distributor (and/or their related companies) may make payments to the insurer and/or its related companies for distribution and/or other services; some of the payments may go to broker-dealers and other financial intermediaries. These payments may create a conflict of interest for an intermediary, or be a factor in the insurer’s decision to include the Portfolio as an underlying investment option in a variable contract. Ask your financial advisor, visit your intermediary’s website, or consult your insurance contract prospectus for more information.