Janus Henderson Global Select Fund
<head_breaker>

Janus Henderson Global Select Fund
Ticker:	JORAX	Class A Shares	JORIX	Class S Shares	JSLNX	Class N Shares	JORNX	Class T Shares
 	JORCX	Class C Shares	JORFX	Class I Shares	JORRX	Class R Shares	 	 
    
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
Janus Henderson Global Select Fund seeks long-term growth of capital.
FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE FUND
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold Shares of the Fund. Each share class has different expenses, but represents an investment in the same Fund. For Class A Shares, you may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and your family invest, or agree to invest in the future, at least $50,000 in the Fund or in other Janus Henderson mutual funds. More information about these and other discounts, as well as eligibility requirements for each share class, is available from your financial professional and in the “Purchases” section on page 142 of the Fund’s Prospectus and in the “Purchases” section on page 84 of the Fund’s Statement of Additional Information. In addition, please see Appendix A – Intermediary Sales Charge Waivers and Discounts. You may also incur brokerage commissions charged by your broker or financial intermediary when buying Class N Shares of the Fund that are not reflected in the table or in the example below.
SHAREHOLDER FEES
(fees paid directly from your investment)	 	Class A	 	Class C	 	Class S	 	Class I	 	Class N	 	Class R	 	Class T
Maximum Sales Charge (load) Imposed on Purchases (as a percentage of offering price)	 	5.75%	 	None	 	None	 	None	 	None	 	None	 	None
Maximum Deferred Sales Charge (load) (as a percentage of the lower of original purchase price or redemption proceeds)	 	None	 	1.00%	 	None	 	None	 	None	 	None	 	None
ANNUAL FUND OPERATING EXPENSES
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)	 	Class A	 	Class C	 	Class S	 	Class I	 	Class N	 	Class R	 	Class T
Management Fees	 	0.64%	 	0.64%	 	0.64%	 	0.64%	 	0.64%	 	0.64%	 	0.64%
Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fees	 	0.25%	 	1.00%	 	0.25%	 	None	 	None	 	0.50%	 	None
Other Expenses(1)	 	0.14%	 	0.18%	 	0.30%	 	0.09%	 	0.10%	 	0.31%	 	0.29%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	 	1.03%	 	1.82%	 	1.19%	 	0.73%	 	0.74%	 	1.45%	 	0.93%
  
(1)	Other Expenses are based on annualized expenses from the Fund’s previous fiscal period.
EXAMPLE: The Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and reinvest all dividends and distributions. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
If Shares are redeemed:	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Class A Shares	$ 674	$ 884	$ 1,111	$ 1,762
Class C Shares	$ 285	$ 573	$  985	$ 2,137
Class S Shares	$ 121	$ 378	$  654	$ 1,443
Class I Shares	$  75	$ 233	$  406	$  906
Class N Shares	$  76	$ 237	$  411	$  918
Class R Shares	$ 148	$ 459	$  792	$ 1,735
Class T Shares	$  95	$ 296	$  515	$ 1,143
  
    
55 	Janus Henderson Global Select Fund
 

If Shares are not redeemed:	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Class A Shares	$ 674	$ 884	$ 1,111	$ 1,762
Class C Shares	$ 185	$ 573	$  985	$ 2,137
Class S Shares	$ 121	$ 378	$  654	$ 1,443
Class I Shares	$  75	$ 233	$  406	$  906
Class N Shares	$  76	$ 237	$  411	$  918
Class R Shares	$ 148	$ 459	$  792	$ 1,735
Class T Shares	$  95	$ 296	$  515	$ 1,143
  
Portfolio Turnover:  The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 42% of the average value of its portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
The Fund pursues its investment objective by normally investing primarily in a core group of 40-70 domestic and foreign common stocks selected for their growth potential and normally investing at least 40% of its net assets in securities of issuers or companies that are economically tied to different countries throughout the world, excluding the United States. The Fund may invest in companies of any size throughout the world, from larger, well-established companies to smaller, emerging growth companies. The Fund may also invest in U.S. and foreign debt securities. The Fund may invest in emerging markets but will normally limit such investments to 30% of its net assets, measured at the time of purchase. As of September 30, 2017, the Fund held stocks of 65 companies. Of these holdings, 40 comprised approximately 77.06% of the Fund’s holdings.
The portfolio managers apply a “bottom up” approach in choosing investments. In other words, the portfolio managers look at companies one at a time to determine if a company is an attractive investment opportunity and if it is consistent with the Fund’s investment policies.
The Fund may also take long or short positions in derivatives, which are instruments that have a value derived from, or directly linked to, an underlying asset, such as equity securities, fixed-income securities, commodities, currencies, interest rates, or market indices. The types of derivatives in which the Fund may invest include options, futures, swaps, warrants, and forward exchange contracts. The Fund may use derivatives to hedge, to earn income or enhance returns, as a substitute for securities in which the Fund invests, to increase or decrease the Fund’s exposure to a particular market, to adjust the Fund’s currency exposure relative to its benchmark index, to gain access to foreign markets where direct investment may be restricted or unavailable, or to manage the Fund’s risk profile.
The Fund may lend portfolio securities on a short-term or long-term basis, in an amount equal to up to one-third of its total assets as determined at the time of the loan origination.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT RISKS
The biggest risk is that the Fund’s returns will vary, and you could lose money. The Fund invests primarily in common stocks, which tend to be more volatile than many other investment choices.
Foreign Exposure Risk.  The Fund normally has significant exposure to foreign markets as a result of its investments in foreign securities, including investments in emerging markets, which can be more volatile than the U.S. markets. As a result, its returns and net asset value may be affected to a large degree by fluctuations in currency exchange rates or political or economic conditions in a particular country. In some foreign markets, there may not be protection against failure by other parties to complete transactions. It may not be possible for the Fund to repatriate capital, dividends, interest, and other income from a particular country or governmental entity. In addition, a market swing in one or more countries or regions where the Fund has invested a significant amount of its assets may have a greater effect on the Fund’s performance than it would in a more geographically diversified portfolio. To the extent the Fund invests in foreign debt securities, such investments are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Additionally, investments in securities of foreign governments involve the risk that a foreign government may not be willing or able to pay interest or repay principal when due. The Fund’s
56 	Janus Henderson Global Select Fund
 

investments in emerging market countries may involve risks greater than, or in addition to, the risks of investing in more developed countries.
Emerging Markets Risk.  The risks of foreign investing mentioned above are heightened when investing in emerging markets. Emerging markets securities involve a number of additional risks, which may result from less government supervision and regulation of business and industry practices (including the potential lack of strict finance and accounting controls and standards), stock exchanges, brokers, and listed companies, making these investments potentially more volatile in price and less liquid than investments in developed securities markets, resulting in greater risk to investors. There is a risk in developing countries that a future economic or political crisis could lead to price controls, forced mergers of companies, expropriation or confiscatory taxation, imposition or enforcement of foreign ownership limits, seizure, nationalization, sanctions or imposition of restrictions by various governmental entities on investment and trading, or creation of government monopolies, any of which may have a detrimental effect on the Fund’s investments. In addition, the Fund’s investments may be denominated in foreign currencies and therefore, changes in the value of a country’s currency compared to the U.S. dollar may affect the value of the Fund’s investments. To the extent that the Fund invests a significant portion of its assets in the securities of issuers in or companies of a single country or region, it is more likely to be impacted by events or conditions affecting that country or region, which could have a negative impact on the Fund’s performance. Additionally, foreign and emerging market risks, including but not limited to price controls, expropriation or confiscatory taxation, imposition or enforcement of foreign ownership limits, nationalization, and restrictions on repatriation of assets may be heightened to the extent the Fund invests in Chinese local market securities. Some of the risks of investing directly in foreign and emerging market securities may be reduced when the Fund invests indirectly in foreign securities through various other investment vehicles including derivatives, which also involve other risks. As of September 30, 2017, approximately 15.8% of the Fund’s investments were in emerging markets (i.e. countries included in the MSCI Emerging Markets Indexsm).
Market Risk.  The value of the Fund’s portfolio may decrease if the value of an individual company or security, or multiple companies or securities, in the portfolio decreases or if the portfolio managers’ belief about a company’s intrinsic worth is incorrect. Further, regardless of how well individual companies or securities perform, the value of the Fund’s portfolio could also decrease if there are deteriorating economic or market conditions. It is important to understand that the value of your investment may fall, sometimes sharply, in response to changes in the market, and you could lose money. Market risk may affect a single issuer, industry, economic sector, or the market as a whole.
Growth Securities Risk.  The Fund invests in companies that the portfolio managers believe have growth potential. Securities of companies perceived to be “growth” companies may be more volatile than other stocks and may involve special risks. If the portfolio managers’ perception of a company’s growth potential is not realized, the securities purchased may not perform as expected, reducing the Fund’s returns. In addition, because different types of stocks tend to shift in and out of favor depending on market and economic conditions, “growth” stocks may perform differently from the market as a whole and other types of securities.
Fixed-Income Securities Risk.  The Fund may hold debt and other fixed-income securities to generate income. Typically, the values of fixed-income securities change inversely with prevailing interest rates. Therefore, a fundamental risk of fixed-income securities is interest rate risk, which is the risk that the value of such securities will generally decline as prevailing interest rates rise, which may cause the Fund’s net asset value to likewise decrease. For example, while securities with longer maturities and durations tend to produce higher yields, they also tend to be more sensitive to changes in prevailing interest rates and are therefore more volatile than shorter-term securities and are subject to greater market fluctuations as a result of changes in interest rates. Further, during periods of very low or negative interest rates, the Fund may not be able to maintain positive returns. The Fund may be subject to heightened interest rate risk because the Federal Reserve has ended its monetary stimulus program known as quantitative easing and interest rates are near historically low levels. The Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rate several times in recent periods and has signaled additional increases in the near future. To the extent the Federal Reserve continues to raise rates, there is a risk that the fixed-income markets will experience increased volatility and that the liquidity of certain Fund investments may be reduced. These developments could cause the Fund’s net asset value to fluctuate or make it more difficult for the Fund to accurately value its securities. These developments or others also could cause the Fund to face increased shareholder redemptions, which may lead to increased portfolio turnover and transaction costs, or could force the Fund to liquidate investments at disadvantageous times or prices, therefore adversely affecting the Fund as well as the value of your investment. The amount of assets deemed illiquid remaining within the Fund may also increase, making it more difficult to meet shareholder redemptions and further adversely affecting the value of the Fund. How specific fixed-income securities may react to changes in interest rates will depend on the
57 	Janus Henderson Global Select Fund
 

specific characteristics of each security. Fixed-income securities are also subject to credit risk, prepayment risk, valuation risk, extension risk, and liquidity risk. Credit risk is the risk that the credit strength of an issuer of a fixed-income security will weaken and/or that the issuer will be unable to make timely principal and interest payments and that the security may go into default. Prepayment risk is the risk that during periods of falling interest rates, certain fixed-income securities with higher interest rates, such as mortgage- and asset-backed securities, may be prepaid by their issuers thereby reducing the amount of interest payments. Valuation risk is the risk that one or more of the fixed-income securities in which the Fund invests are priced differently than the value realized upon such security’s sale. In times of market instability, valuation may be more difficult. Extension risk is the risk that borrowers may pay off their debt obligations more slowly in times of rising interest rates, which will lengthen the duration of the portfolio. Liquidity risk is the risk that fixed-income securities may be difficult or impossible to sell at the time that the portfolio managers would like or at the price the portfolio managers believe the security is currently worth.
Derivatives Risk.  Derivatives can be highly volatile and involve risks in addition to the risks of the underlying referenced securities or asset. Gains or losses from a derivative investment can be substantially greater than the derivative’s original cost, and can therefore involve leverage. Leverage may cause the Fund to be more volatile than if it had not used leverage. Derivatives can be complex instruments and may involve analysis that differs from that required for other investment types used by the Fund. If the value of a derivative does not correlate well with the particular market or other asset class to which the derivative is intended to provide exposure, the derivative may not produce the anticipated result. Derivatives can also reduce the opportunity for gain or result in losses by offsetting positive returns in other investments. Derivatives can be less liquid than other types of investments and entail the risk that the counterparty will default on its payment obligations. If the counterparty to a derivative transaction defaults, the Fund would risk the loss of the net amount of the payments that it contractually is entitled to receive. To the extent the Fund enters into short derivative positions, the Fund may be exposed to risks similar to those associated with short sales, including the risk that the Fund’s losses are theoretically unlimited. The Fund may use derivatives, including forward exchange contracts, for hedging purposes. Hedging with derivatives may increase expenses, and there is no guarantee that a hedging strategy will work. While hedging can reduce or eliminate losses, it can also reduce or eliminate gains or cause losses if the market moves in a manner different from that anticipated by the Fund or if the cost of the derivative outweighs the benefit of the hedge.
Securities Lending Risk.  The Fund may seek to earn additional income through lending its securities to certain qualified broker-dealers and institutions. There is the risk that when portfolio securities are lent, the securities may not be returned on a timely basis, and the Fund may experience delays and costs in recovering the security or gaining access to the collateral provided to the Fund to collateralize the loan. If the Fund is unable to recover a security on loan, the Fund may use the collateral to purchase replacement securities in the market. There is a risk that the value of the collateral could decrease below the cost of the replacement security by the time the replacement investment is made, resulting in a loss to the Fund.
Management Risk.  The Fund is an actively managed investment portfolio and is therefore subject to the risk that the investment strategies employed for the Fund may fail to produce the intended results. The Fund may underperform its benchmark index or other mutual funds with similar investment objectives.
An investment in the Fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
PERFORMANCE INFORMATION
The following information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing how the Fund’s performance has varied over time. Class T Shares (formerly named Class J Shares, the initial share class) of the Fund commenced operations with the Fund’s inception. Class A Shares, Class C Shares, Class S Shares, Class I Shares, and Class R Shares of the Fund commenced operations on July 6, 2009. Class N Shares of the Fund commenced operations on August 4, 2017.
•	The performance shown for Class T Shares is calculated using the fees and expenses of Class T Shares in effect during the periods shown, net of any applicable fee and expense limitations or waivers.
•	The performance shown for Class A Shares, Class C Shares, Class S Shares, and Class R Shares for periods prior to July 6, 2009, reflects the performance of the Fund’s former Class J Shares, calculated using the fees and expenses of each respective share class, without the effect of any fee and expense limitations or waivers.
58 	Janus Henderson Global Select Fund
 

•	The performance shown for Class I Shares for periods prior to July 6, 2009, reflects the performance of the Fund’s former Class J Shares, calculated using the fees and expenses of Class J Shares, net of any applicable fee and expense limitations or waivers.
•	The performance shown for Class N Shares for periods prior to August 4, 2017, reflects the performance of the Fund’s Class T Shares, calculated using the fees and expenses of Class T Shares, net of any applicable fee and expense limitations or waivers.
If Class A Shares, Class C Shares, Class S Shares, Class I Shares, and Class R Shares of the Fund had been available during periods prior to July 6, 2009 or Class N Shares of the Fund had been available during periods prior to August 4, 2017, the performance shown for each respective share class may have been different. The performance shown for periods following the Fund’s commencement of Class A Shares, Class C Shares, Class S Shares, Class I Shares, Class N Shares, and Class R Shares reflects the fees and expenses of each respective share class, net of any applicable fee and expense limitations or waivers.
The bar chart depicts the change in performance from year to year during the periods indicated. The bar chart figures do not include any applicable sales charges that an investor may pay when they buy or sell Class A Shares or Class C Shares of the Fund. If sales charges were included, the returns would be lower. The table compares the Fund’s average annual returns for the periods indicated to a broad-based securities market index. All figures assume reinvestment of dividends and distributions. For certain periods, the Fund’s performance reflects the effect of expense waivers. Without the effect of these expense waivers, the performance shown would have been lower.
The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate how it will perform in the future. Updated performance information is available at janushenderson.com/performance or by calling 1-877-335-2687.
Annual Total Returns for Class T Shares (calendar year-end)

    
Best Quarter: 2nd Quarter 2009 26.71%	Worst Quarter: 4th Quarter 2008 – 32.29%
  
    
Average Annual Total Returns (periods ended 12/31/17)	 	 	 	 
 	1 Year	5 Years	10 Years	Since
Inception
(6/30/00)
Class T Shares	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	31.06%	11.88%	3.42%	3.58%
Return After Taxes on Distributions	30.91%	11.69%	3.29%	3.48%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares	17.89%	9.48%	2.70%	2.89%
MSCI All Country World Indexsm
(reflects no deduction for expenses, fees, or taxes, except foreign withholding taxes)	23.97%	10.80%	4.65%	4.53%
Class A Shares	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes(1)	23.31%	10.46%	2.69%	3.16%
MSCI All Country World Indexsm
(reflects no deduction for expenses, fees, or taxes, except foreign withholding taxes)	23.97%	10.80%	4.65%	4.53%
59 	Janus Henderson Global Select Fund
 

Average Annual Total Returns (periods ended 12/31/17)	 	 	 	 
 	1 Year	5 Years	10 Years	Since
Inception
(6/30/00)
Class C Shares	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes(2)	28.87%	10.84%	2.45%	2.70%
MSCI All Country World Indexsm
(reflects no deduction for expenses, fees, or taxes, except foreign withholding taxes)	23.97%	10.80%	4.65%	4.53%
Class S Shares	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	30.73%	11.61%	3.19%	3.35%
MSCI All Country World Indexsm
(reflects no deduction for expenses, fees, or taxes, except foreign withholding taxes)	23.97%	10.80%	4.65%	4.53%
Class I Shares	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	31.20%	12.07%	3.42%	3.58%
MSCI All Country World Indexsm
(reflects no deduction for expenses, fees, or taxes, except foreign withholding taxes)	23.97%	10.80%	4.65%	4.53%
Class N Shares	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	31.06%	11.88%	3.42%	3.58%
MSCI All Country World Indexsm
(reflects no deduction for expenses, fees, or taxes, except foreign withholding taxes)	23.97%	10.80%	4.65%	4.53%
Class R Shares	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	30.34%	11.28%	2.87%	3.07%
MSCI All Country World Indexsm
(reflects no deduction for expenses, fees, or taxes, except foreign withholding taxes)	23.97%	10.80%	4.65%	4.53%
  
(1)	Calculated assuming maximum permitted sales loads.
(2)	The one year return is calculated to include the contingent deferred sales charge.
The Fund’s primary benchmark index is the MSCI All Country World Indexsm. The index is described below.
•	The MSCI All Country World Indexsm is an unmanaged, free float-adjusted, market capitalization weighted index composed of stocks of companies located in countries throughout the world. It is designed to measure equity market performance in global developed and emerging markets. The index includes reinvestment of dividends, net of foreign withholding taxes.
After-tax returns are calculated using distributions for the Fund’s Class T Shares (formerly named Class J Shares, the initial share class). After-tax returns are calculated using the historically highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on your individual tax situation and may differ from those shown in the preceding table. The after-tax return information shown above does not apply to Fund shares held through a tax-deferred account, such as a 401(k) plan or an IRA.
After-tax returns are only shown for Class T Shares of the Fund. After-tax returns for the other classes of Shares will vary from those shown for Class T Shares due to varying sales charges (as applicable), fees, and expenses among the classes.
60 	Janus Henderson Global Select Fund
 

MANAGEMENT
Investment Adviser:  Janus Capital Management LLC
Portfolio Managers:  George P. Maris, CFA, is Executive Vice President and Co-Portfolio Manager of the Fund, which he has managed or co-managed since August 2012. Julian McManus is Co-Portfolio Manager of the Fund, which he has co-managed since January 2018. Garth Yettick, CFA, is Co-Portfolio Manager of the Fund, which he has co-managed since January 2018.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF FUND SHARES
Minimum Investment Requirements*
Class A Shares, Class C Shares**, Class S Shares, Class R Shares, and Class T Shares	 
Non-retirement accounts	$ 2,500
Certain tax-deferred accounts or UGMA/UTMA accounts	$ 500
Class I Shares	 
Institutional investors (investing directly with the Fund)	$1,000,000
Through an intermediary institution	 
• non-retirement accounts	$ 2,500
• certain tax-deferred accounts or UGMA/UTMA accounts	$ 500
Class N Shares	 
Retirement investors (investing through an adviser-assisted, employer-sponsored retirement plan)	None
Retail investors (investing through a financial intermediary omnibus account)	$ 2,500***
Institutional investors (investing directly with the Fund)	$1,000,000
  
*	Exceptions to these minimums may apply for certain tax-deferred, tax-qualified and retirement plans, and accounts held through certain wrap programs.
**	The maximum purchase in Class C Shares is $500,000 for any single purchase.
***	Investors in certain tax-deferred accounts or accounts held through certain wrap programs may not be subject to this minimum.
Purchases, exchanges, and redemptions can generally be made only through institutional channels, such as financial intermediaries and retirement platforms. Class I Shares may be purchased directly by certain institutional investors. You should contact your financial intermediary or refer to your plan documents for information on how to invest in the Fund. Requests must be received in good order by the Fund or its agents (financial intermediary or plan sponsor, if applicable) prior to the close of the regular trading session of the New York Stock Exchange in order to receive that day’s net asset value. For additional information, refer to “Purchases,” “Exchanges,” and/or “Redemptions” in the Prospectus.
TAX INFORMATION
The Fund’s distributions are taxable, and will be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an individual retirement account (in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).
PAYMENTS TO BROKER-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase Class A Shares, Class C Shares, Class S Shares, Class I Shares, Class R Shares, or Class T Shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment or to recommend one share class over another. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.