JPMorgan Europe Dynamic Fund
<head_breaker>

JPMorgan Europe Dynamic Fund (formerly JPMorgan Intrepid European Fund)
Class/Ticker: R6/VEUVX
What is the goal of the Fund?
The Fund seeks total return from long-term capital growth. Total return consists of capital growth and current income.
Fees and Expenses of the Fund
The following table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund.
“Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses” are expenses incurred indirectly by the Fund through its ownership of shares in other investment companies, including affiliated money market funds, other mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and business development companies. The impact of Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses is included in the total returns of the Fund. Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses are not direct costs of the Fund, are not used to calculate the Fund’s net asset value per share and are not included in the calculation of the ratio of expenses to average net assets shown in the Financial Highlights section of the Fund’s prospectus.
ANNUAL FUND OPERATING EXPENSES
(Expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value
of your investment)
 	Class R6
Management Fees	0.65%
Distribution (Rule 12b-1) Fees	NONE
Other Expenses	0.15
Service Fees	NONE
Remainder of Other Expenses1	0.15
Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses1	0.01
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	0.81
1	“Remainder of Other Expenses” and "Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses" are based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year.
Example
This Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund’s operating expenses after fee waivers and expense reimbursements shown in the table through 9/30/19 and total annual fund operating expenses thereafter. Your actual costs may be higher or lower.
WHETHER OR NOT YOU SELL YOUR SHARES, YOUR COST WOULD BE:
 	1 Year	 	3 Years	 	5 Years	 	10 Years
CLASS R6 SHARES ($)	83	 	259	 	450	 	1,002
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the Fund’s most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 189% of the average value of its portfolio.
What are the Fund’s main investment strategies?
The Fund invests primarily in equity securities issued by companies with principal business activities in Western Europe. Under normal market conditions, the Fund invests at least 80% of the value of its Assets in equity securities of European issuers. “Assets” means net assets, plus the amount of borrowings for investment purposes.
The equity securities in which the Fund may invest include, but are not limited to, common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities, trust or partnership interests, depositary receipts and warrants and rights.
The Fund may utilize exchange-traded futures for the efficient management of cash flows.
Investment Process: In managing the Fund, the adviser uses a bottom-up stock selection process that focuses on the value, quality and momentum characteristics to decide which securities to buy and sell.
The Fund may invest in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, as well as other Western European countries which the adviser believes are appropriate. In addition, the Fund may invest up to 8% of its Assets in equity securities of emerging market European issuers. These countries may include Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary and other countries with similar economic profiles which the adviser believes are appropriate.
The Fund may invest in securities denominated in U.S. dollars, other major reserve currencies, such as the euro, yen and pound sterling, and currencies of other countries in which it can invest. The adviser may adjust the Fund’s exposure to each currency based on its view of the markets and issuers. It may increase or decrease the emphasis on a type of security, sector, country or currency, based on its analysis of a variety of economic factors, including fundamental economic strength, earnings growth, quality of management, sector growth, credit quality and interest rate trends. The Fund may purchase securities where the issuer is located in one country but the security is denominated in the currency of another.
SEPTEMBER 29, 2018  |  1
 

Table of Contents
JPMorgan Europe Dynamic Fund (formerly JPMorgan Intrepid European Fund) (continued)
While the Fund’s assets will usually be invested in a number of different Western European countries, the Fund may at times invest most or all of the assets in a limited number of these countries. The Fund will, however, try to choose a wide range of industries and companies of varying sizes.
The Fund’s Main Investment Risks
The Fund is subject to management risk and may not achieve its objective if the adviser’s expectations regarding particular instruments or markets are not met.
    
An investment in this Fund or any other fund may not provide a complete investment program. The suitability of an investment in the Fund should be considered based on the investment objective, strategies and risks described in this prospectus, considered in light of all of the other investments in your portfolio, as well as your risk tolerance, financial goals and time horizons. You may want to consult with a financial advisor to determine if this Fund is suitable for you.
The Fund is subject to the main risks noted below, any of which may adversely affect the Fund’s performance and ability to meet its investment objective.
Equity Market Risk. The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company’s financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. These price movements may result from factors affecting individual companies, sectors or industries selected for the Fund’s portfolio or the securities market as a whole, such as changes in economic or political conditions. When the value of the Fund’s securities goes down, your investment in the Fund decreases in value.
General Market Risk. Economies and financial markets throughout the world are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the likelihood that events or conditions in one country or region will adversely impact markets or issuers in other countries or regions. Securities in the Fund’s portfolio may underperform in comparison to securities in general financial markets, a particular financial market or other asset classes, due to a number of factors, including inflation (or expectations for inflation), interest rates, global demand for particular products or resources, natural disasters or events, terrorism, regulatory events and government controls.
Foreign Securities and Emerging Markets Risk. Investments in foreign issuers and foreign securities (including depositary receipts) are subject to additional risks, including political and economic risks, civil conflicts and war, greater volatility, expropriation and nationalization risks, sanctions or other measures by the United States or other governments, currency fluctuations, higher transaction costs, delayed settlement, possible foreign controls on investment, and less stringent investor protection and disclosure standards of foreign markets. In certain markets where securities and other instruments are not
traded “delivery versus payment,” the Fund may not receive timely payment for securities or other instruments it has delivered or receive delivery of securities paid for and may be subject to increased risk that the counterparty will fail to make payments or delivery when due or default completely.
Events and evolving conditions in certain economies or markets may alter the risks associated with investments tied to countries or regions that historically were perceived as comparatively stable becoming riskier and more volatile. These risks are magnified in “emerging markets.” Emerging market countries typically have less-established market economies than developed countries and may face greater social, economic, regulatory and political uncertainties. In addition, emerging markets typically present greater illiquidity and price volatility concerns due to smaller or limited local capital markets and greater difficulty in determining market valuations of securities due to limited public information on issuers.
Geographic Focus Risk. The Fund may focus its investments in one or more regions or small groups of countries. As a result, the Fund’s performance may be subject to greater volatility than a more geographically diversified fund.
European Market Risk. The Fund’s performance will be affected by political, social and economic conditions in Europe, such as growth of the economic output (the gross national product), the rate of inflation, the rate at which capital is reinvested into European economies, the success of governmental actions to reduce budget deficits, the resource self-sufficiency of European countries and interest and monetary exchange rates between European countries. European financial markets may experience volatility due to concerns about high government debt levels, credit rating downgrades, rising unemployment, the future of the euro as a common currency, possible restructuring of government debt and other government measures responding to those concerns, and fiscal and monetary controls imposed on member countries of the European Union. The risk of investing in Europe may be heightened due to steps being taken by the United Kingdom to exit the European Union. In addition, if one or more countries were to exit the European Union or abandon the use of the euro as a currency, the value of investments tied to those countries or the euro could decline significantly and unpredictably.
Derivatives Risk. Derivatives, including futures, may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the Fund’s original investment. Many derivatives create leverage thereby causing the Fund to be more volatile than it would be if it had not used derivatives. Derivatives also expose the Fund to counterparty risk (the risk that the derivative counterparty will not fulfill its contractual obligations), including credit risk of the derivative counterparty. Certain derivatives are synthetic instruments that attempt to
2  |   J.P. MORGAN INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FUNDS
 

Table of Contents
replicate the performance of certain reference assets. With regard to such derivatives, the Fund does not have a claim on the reference assets and is subject to enhanced counterparty risk.
Currency Risk. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates will affect the value of the Fund’s securities and the price of the Fund’s Shares. Generally, when the value of the U.S. dollar rises in value relative to a foreign currency, an investment impacted by that currency loses value because that currency is worth less in U.S. dollars. Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time for a number of reasons, including changes in interest rates. Devaluation of a currency by a country’s government or banking authority also will have a significant impact on the value of any investments denominated in that currency. Currency markets generally are not as regulated as securities markets, may be riskier than other types of investments and may increase the volatility of the Fund. Although the Fund may attempt to hedge its currency exposure into the U.S. dollar, it may not be successful in reducing the effects of currency fluctuations. The Fund may also hedge from one foreign currency to another. In addition, the Fund’s use of currency hedging may not be successful and the use of such strategies may lower the Fund’s potential returns.
Smaller Company Risk. Because the Fund may invest in equity investments of companies across all market capitalizations, the Fund’s risks increase as it invests more heavily in smaller cap companies (mid cap and small cap companies). Smaller companies may be more volatile and vulnerable to economic, market and industry changes. The securities of smaller companies may trade less frequently and in smaller volumes than securities of larger companies. As a result, changes in the price of debt or equity issued by such companies may be more sudden or erratic than the prices of other equity securities, especially over the short term.
High Portfolio Turnover Risk. The Fund will likely engage in active and frequent trading leading to increased portfolio turnover, higher transaction costs, and the possibility of increased capital gains, including short-term capital gains that will generally be taxable to shareholders as ordinary income.
Industry and Sector Focus Risk. At times, the Fund may increase the relative emphasis of its investments in a particular industry or sector. The prices of securities of issuers in a particular industry or sector may be more susceptible to fluctuations due to changes in economic or business conditions, government regulations, availability of basic resources or supplies, or other events that affect that industry or sector more than securities of issuers in other industries and sectors. To the extent that the Fund increases the relative emphasis of its investments in a particular industry or sector, its shares’ values may fluctuate in response to events affecting that industry or sector.
Transactions Risk. The Fund could experience a loss and its liquidity may be negatively impacted when selling securities to meet redemption requests by shareholders. The risk of loss increases if the redemption requests are unusually large or
frequent or occur in times of overall market turmoil or declining prices. Similarly, large purchases of Fund shares may adversely affect the Fund’s performance to the extent that the Fund is delayed in investing new cash and is required to maintain a larger cash position than it ordinarily would.
    
Investments in the Fund are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank and are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or any other government agency.
You could lose money investing in the Fund.
The Fund’s Past Performance
This section provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. Since the Class R6 Shares have not commenced operations as of the date of this prospectus, the bar chart shows how the performance of the Fund’s Class L Shares (which are not offered in this prospectus) has varied from year to year for the past ten calendar years. The table shows the average annual total returns over the past one year, five years and ten years. The table compares that performance to the Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) Europe Index (net of foreign withholding taxes) and the Lipper European Region Funds Index, an index based on the total returns of certain mutual funds within the Fund’s designated category as determined by Lipper. Unlike the other index, the Lipper index includes the fees and expenses of the mutual funds included in the index. The actual returns of the Class R6 Shares would have been lower because the Class R6 Shares have different fees and expenses than Class L Shares. Past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated performance information is available by visiting www.jpmorganfunds.com or by calling 1-800-480-4111.
SEPTEMBER 29, 2018  |  3
 

Table of Contents
JPMorgan Europe Dynamic Fund (formerly JPMorgan Intrepid European Fund) (continued)
YEAR-BY-YEAR RETURNS - CLASS L SHARES

Best Quarter	2nd quarter, 2009	24.19%
Worst Quarter	3rd quarter, 2008	-23.61%
The Fund’s year-to-date total return through 6/30/18 was -3.37%.
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
(For periods ended December 31, 2017)
 	Past
1 Year	 	Past
5 Years	 	Past
10 Years
CLASS L SHARES	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	22.80%	 	8.96%	 	2.19%
Return After Taxes on Distributions	22.54	 	8.66	 	1.79
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares	13.56	 	7.24	 	1.76
MSCI EUROPE INDEX	 	 	 	 	 
(Net of Foreign Withholding Taxes),
(Reflects No Deduction for Fees, Expenses or Taxes, Except Foreign Withholding Taxes)	25.51	 	7.37	 	1.34
LIPPER EUROPEAN REGION FUNDS INDEX	 	 	 	 	 
(Reflects No Deduction for Taxes)	24.87	 	8.52	 	2.67
After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on the investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown, and the after-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their shares through tax-deferred arrangements such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.
Management
J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc.
Portfolio Manager	Managed the
Fund Since	Primary Title with
Investment Adviser
Jonathan Ingram	2007	Managing Director
John Baker	2005	Managing Director
Anis Lahlou—Abid	2012	Managing Director
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
For Class R6 Shares	 
To establish an account	$15,000,000 for Direct Investors
 	$5,000,000 for Discretionary Accounts
To add to an accounts	No minimum levels
In general, you may purchase or redeem shares on any business day:
•	Through your Financial Intermediary or the eligible retirement plan or college savings plan through which you invest in the Fund
•	By writing to J.P. Morgan Funds Services, P.O. Box 8528, Boston, MA 02266-8528
•	After you open an account, by calling J.P. Morgan Funds Services at 1-800-480-4111
Tax Information
The Fund intends to make distributions that may be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, except when your investment is in a 401(k) plan or other tax-advantaged investment plan, in which case you may be subject to federal income tax upon withdrawal from the tax-advantaged investment plan.
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies may pay the financial intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or financial intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.