JPMorgan Tax Aware Equity Fund
<head_breaker>

JPMorgan Tax Aware Equity Fund
Class/Ticker: R6/JPERX
What is the goal of the Fund?
The Fund’s goal is to provide high after-tax total return from a portfolio of selected equity securities.
Fees and Expenses of the Fund
The following table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund.
ANNUAL FUND OPERATING EXPENSES
(Expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value
of your investment)
 	Class R6
Management Fees	0.35%
Distribution (Rule 12b-1) Fees	NONE
Other Expenses	0.11
Service Fees	NONE
Remainder of Other Expenses1	0.11
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	0.46
Fee Waivers and/or Expense Reimbursements2	(0.02)
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses after Fee Waivers and/or Expense Reimbursements2	0.44
1	“Remainder of Other Expenses” are based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year.
2	The Fund’s adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses other than certain money market fund fees as described below, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation, and extraordinary expenses) exceed 0.44% of the average daily net assets of Class R6 Shares. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund’s adviser, shareholder servicing agent and/or administrator have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the respective net fees each collects from the affiliated money market funds on the Fund’s investment in such money market funds. These waivers are in effect through 9/30/19, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise them.
Example
This Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund’s operating expenses are equal to the total annual fund operating expenses after fee waivers and expense reimbursements shown in the fee table through 9/30/19 and total annual fund operating expenses thereafter. Your actual costs may be higher or lower.
WHETHER OR NOT YOU SELL YOUR SHARES, YOUR COST WOULD BE:
 	1 Year	 	3 Years	 	5 Years	 	10 Years
CLASS R6 SHARES ($)	45	 	146	 	256	 	577
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance. During the Fund’s most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 28% of the average value of its portfolio.
What are the Fund’s main investment strategies?
Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 80% of its Assets in equity securities. “Assets” means net assets, plus the amount of borrowings for investment purposes. In implementing its main strategy, the Fund primarily invests in common stocks of large and medium capitalization U.S. companies, but it may also invest up to 20% of its Assets in common stocks of foreign companies, including depositary receipts. Large and medium capitalization companies are companies with market capitalizations equal to those within the universe of the S&P 500 Index at the time of purchase. As of December 31, 2017, the market capitalizations of the companies in the S& P 500 Index ranged from $3.0 billion to $868.9 billion.
Sector by sector, the Fund’s weightings are similar to those of the S&P 500 Index. Within each sector, the Fund focuses on those equity securities that it considers undervalued and seeks to outperform the S&P 500 through superior stock selection. By emphasizing undervalued securities, the Fund seeks to produce returns that exceed those of the S&P 500 Index. At the same time, by controlling the sector weightings of the Fund so that they can differ only moderately from the sector weightings of the S&P 500 Index, the Fund seeks to limits its volatility to that of the overall market, as represented by this index.
Derivatives, which are instruments that have a value based on another instrument, exchange rate or index, may be used as substitutes for securities in which the Fund can invest. To the extent the Fund uses derivatives, the Fund will primarily use futures contracts to more effectively gain targeted equity exposure from its cash positions.
The Fund seeks to minimize shareholders’ tax liability in connection with the Fund’s distribution of realized capital gain by minimizing the net gains available for distribution. As part of its tax aware strategy, the Fund typically sells securities when the anticipated performance benefit justifies the resulting gain. This strategy often includes minimizing the sale of securities with large unrealized gain, holding securities long enough to avoid
SEPTEMBER 29, 2018  |  1
 

Table of Contents
JPMorgan Tax Aware Equity Fund (continued)
short-term capital gains taxes, selling securities with a higher cost basis first and offsetting capital gains realized in one security by selling another security at a capital loss. In addition, the Fund seeks to minimize distributions that are taxed as ordinary income and not qualified dividend income.
Investment Process: In managing the Fund, the adviser employs a three-step process that combines research, valuation and stock selection. The adviser takes an in-depth look at company prospects over a period as long as five years, which is designed to provide insight into a company’s real growth potential. The research findings allow the adviser to rank the companies in each sector group according to what it believes to be their relative value. As a part of its investment process, the adviser seeks to assess the impact of environmental, social and governance factors (including accounting and tax policies, disclosure and investor communication, shareholder rights and remuneration policies) on the cash flows of many companies in which it may invest to identify issuers that the adviser believes will be negatively impacted by such factors relative to other issuers. These determinations may not be conclusive and securities of such issuers may be purchased and retained by the Fund.
On behalf of the Fund, the adviser then buys and sells equity securities, using the research and valuation rankings as a basis. In general, the adviser buys equity securities that are identified as undervalued and considers selling them when they appear overvalued. Along with attractive valuation, the adviser often considers a number of other criteria:
•	catalysts that could trigger a rise in a stock’s price
•	high perceived potential reward compared to perceived potential risk
•	possible temporary mispricings caused by apparent market overreactions
The frequency with which the Fund buys and sells securities will vary from year to year, depending on market conditions and the implementation of the tax aware strategy.
The Fund’s Main Investment Risks
The Fund is subject to management risk and may not achieve its objective if the adviser’s expectations regarding particular instruments or markets are not met.
    
An investment in this Fund or any other fund may not provide a complete investment program. The suitability of an investment in the Fund should be considered based on the investment objective, strategies and risks described in this prospectus, considered in light of all of the other investments in your portfolio, as well as your risk tolerance, financial goals and time horizons. You may want to consult with a financial advisor to determine if this Fund is suitable for you.
The Fund is subject to the main risks noted below, any of which may adversely affect the Fund’s performance and ability to meet its investment objective.
Equity Market Risk. The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company’s financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. These price movements may result from factors affecting individual companies, sectors or industries selected for the Fund’s portfolio or the securities market as a whole, such as changes in economic or political conditions. When the value of the Fund’s securities does down, your investment in the Fund decreases in value.
General Market Risk. Economies and financial markets throughout the world are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the likelihood that events or conditions in one country or region will adversely impact markets or issuers in other countries or regions. Securities in the Fund’s portfolio may underperform in comparison to securities in general financial markets, a particular financial market or other asset classes, due to a number of factors, including inflation (or expectations for inflation), interest rates, global demand for particular products or resources, natural disasters or events, terrorism, regulatory events and government controls.
Industry and Sector Focus Risk. At times the Fund may increase the relative emphasis of its investments in a particular industry or sector. The prices of securities of issuers in a particular industry or sector may be more susceptible to fluctuations due to changes in economic or business conditions, government regulations, availability of basic resources or supplies, or other events that affect that industry or sector more than securities of issuers in other industries and sectors. To the extent that the Fund increases the relative emphasis of its investments in a particular industry or sector, its shares’ values may fluctuate in response to events affecting that industry or sector.
Mid Cap Company Risk. The Fund may invest in large and mid capitalization companies, and the Fund’s risks increase as it invests more heavily in mid capitalization companies. Investments in mid cap companies may be riskier, more volatile and more vulnerable to economic, market and industry changes than investment in larger, more established companies. The securities of mid-cap companies may trade less frequently and in smaller volumes than securities of larger companies. As a result, share price changes may be more sudden or erratic than the prices of other equity securities, especially over the short term.
Value Strategy Risk. An undervalued stock may decrease in price or may not increase in price as anticipated by the adviser if other investors fail to recognize the company’s value or the factors that the adviser believes will cause the stock price to increase do not occur.
Tax Aware Investing Risk. The Fund’s tax aware strategies may reduce your taxable income, but will not eliminate it. These strategies may require trade-offs that reduce pretax income. Managing the Fund to maximize after-tax returns may also potentially have a negative effect on the Fund’s performance.
 
 
2  |   J.P. MORGAN TAX AWARE FUNDS
 

Table of Contents
Because tax consequences are considered in managing the Fund, the Fund’s pre-tax performance may be lower than that of a similar fund that is not tax-managed.
Smaller Company Risk. Investments in securities of smaller companies may be riskier, less liquid, more volatile and vulnerable to economic, market and industry changes than securities of larger more established companies. As a result, changes in the price of debt or equity issued by such companies may be more sudden or erratic than the prices of other equity securities, especially over the short term.
Real Estate Securities Risk. The value of real estate securities in general, and REITs in particular, are subject to the same risks as direct investments in real estate and mortgages which include, but are not limited to, sensitivity to changes in real estate values and property taxes, interest rate risk, tax and regulatory risk, fluctuations in rent schedules and operating expenses, adverse changes in local, regional or general economic conditions, deterioration of the real estate market and the financial circumstances of tenants and sellers, unfavorable changes in zoning, building, environmental and other laws, the need for unanticipated renovations, unexpected increases in the cost of energy and environmental factors. The underlying mortgage loans may be subject to the risks of default or of prepayments that occur earlier or later than expected, and such loans may also include so-called “sub-prime” mortgages.
Derivatives Risk. Derivatives, including futures, may be riskier than other types of investments and may increase the volatility of the Fund. Derivatives may be sensitive to changes in economic and market conditions and may create leverage, which could result in losses that significantly exceed the Fund’s original investment. Derivatives expose the Fund to counterparty risk which is the risk that the derivative counterparty will not fulfill its contractual obligations (and includes credit risk associated with the counterparty). Certain derivatives are synthetic instruments that attempt to replicate the performance of certain reference assets. With regard to such derivatives, the Fund does not have a claim on the reference assets and is subject to enhanced counterparty risk.
Foreign Securities Risk. Investments in foreign issuers and foreign securities (including depositary receipts) are subject to additional risks, including political and economic risks, civil conflicts and war, greater volatility, expropriation and nationalization risks, sanctions or other measures by the United States or other governments, currency fluctuations, higher transaction costs, delayed settlement, possible foreign controls on investment and less stringent investor protection and disclosure standards of foreign markets. In certain markets where securities and other instruments are not traded “delivery versus payment,” the Fund may not receive timely payment for securities or other instruments it has delivered or receive delivery of securities paid for and may be subject to increased risk that the counterparty will fail to make payments or delivery when due or default completely. Events and evolving conditions in certain economies or markets may alter the risks associated
with investments tied to countries or regions that historically were perceived as comparatively stable becoming riskier and more volatile.
Transactions Risk. The Fund could experience a loss and its liquidity may be negatively impacted when selling securities to meet redemption requests by shareholders. The risk of loss increases if the redemption requests are unusually large or frequent or occur in times of overall market turmoil or declining prices. Similarly, large purchases of Fund shares may adversely affect the Fund’s performance to the extent that the Fund is delayed in investing new cash and is required to maintain a larger cash position than it ordinarily would.
    
Investments in the Fund are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank and are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or any other government agency.
You could lose money investing in the Fund.
The Fund’s Past Performance
This section provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund. The Class R6 Shares have not commenced operations as of the date of this prospectus. Therefore, the bar chart shows how the performance of the Fund’s Class I Shares (which are not offered in this prospectus) has varied from year to year for the past ten calendar years. The table shows the average annual total returns for the past one year, five years and ten years. The table compares that performance to the S&P 500 Index and the Lipper Large-Cap Core Funds Index, an index based on the total returns of certain mutual funds within the Fund’s designated category as determined by Lipper. Unlike the other index, the Lipper index includes the fees and expenses of the mutual funds included in the index. The actual returns of Class I Shares would have been lower because the Class R6 Shares have different fees and expenses than Class I Shares. Past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated performance information is available by visiting www.jpmorganfunds.com or by calling 1-800-480-4111.
SEPTEMBER 29, 2018  |  3
 

Table of Contents
JPMorgan Tax Aware Equity Fund (continued)
YEAR-BY-YEAR RETURNS — CLASS I SHARES

Best Quarter	2nd quarter, 2009	16.01%
Worst Quarter	4th quarter, 2008	-21.04%
The Fund’s year-to-date total return through 6/30/18 was 2.80%.
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
(For periods ended December 31, 2017)
 	Past
1 Year	 	Past
5 Years	 	Past
10 Years
CLASS I SHARES	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	23.37%	 	16.37%	 	8.89%
Return After Taxes on Distributions	21.16	 	15.09	 	8.16
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares	15.00	 	13.07	 	7.17
S&P 500 INDEX	 	 	 	 	 
(Reflects No Deduction for Fees, Expenses, or Taxes)	21.83	 	15.79	 	8.50
LIPPER LARGE-CAP CORE FUNDS INDEX	 	 	 	 	 
(Reflects No Deduction for Taxes)	20.90	 	14.63	 	7.58
After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on your tax situations and may differ from those shown. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their shares through tax-deferred arrangements such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.
Management
J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc.
Portfolio Manager	Managed
Fund Since	Primary Title with
Investment Adviser
Susan Bao	2008	Managing Director
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
For Class R6 Shares	 
To establish an account	$15,000,000 for Direct Investors
 	$5,000,000 for Discretionary Accounts
To add to an account	No minimum levels
There is no investment minimum for other Class R6 eligible investors.
In general, you may purchase or redeem shares on any business day:
•	Through your Financial Intermediary for the eligible retirement plan or college savings plan through which you invest in the Fund
•	By writing to J.P. Morgan Funds Services, P.O. Box 8528, Boston, MA 02266-8528
•	After you open an account, by calling J.P. Morgan Funds Services at 1-800-480-4111
Tax Information
The Fund intends to make distributions that may be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, except when your investment is in an 401(k) plan or other tax-advantaged investment plan. In which case you may be subject to federal income tax upon withdrawal from the tax-advantaged investment plan.
Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies may pay the financial intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or financial intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.