MainStay VP MFS Utilities Portfolio
<head_breaker>

MainStay VP MFS® Utilities Portfolio

Investment Objective
The Portfolio seeks total return.

Fees and Expenses of the Portfolio
The table below describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Portfolio. The table does not include any separate account or policy fees or charges imposed under the variable annuity policies and variable universal life insurance policies for which the Portfolio is an investment option. If they were included, your costs would be higher. Investors should consult the applicable variable annuity policy or variable universal life insurance policy prospectus for more information.

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 

 

Initial

 

Service

 

 

 

Class

 

Class

Annual Portfolio Operating Expenses

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(fees paid directly from your investment)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Management Fees (as an annual percentage of the Portfolio's average daily net assets)1

 

0.72

%

 

0.72

%

Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees

 

None

 

 

 

0.25

%

 

Other Expenses

 

0.04

%

 

 

0.04

%

Total Annual Portfolio Operating Expenses

 

0.76

%

 

1.01

%

1. The management fee is as follows: 0.73% on assets up to $1 billion; 0.70% on assets from $1 billion to $3 billion; and 0.69% on assets over $3 billion.

Example
The Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Portfolio with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example does not include any separate account or policy fees or charges imposed under the variable annuity policies and variable universal life insurance policies for which the Portfolio is an investment option. If they were included, your costs would be higher. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Portfolio for the time periods indicated whether or not you redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Portfolio's operating expenses remain the same. The Example reflects the contractual fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement arrangement, if applicable, for the current duration of the arrangement only. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 

 

1 Year

 

3 Years

 

5 Years

 

10 Years

 

 Initial Class

 

$        78

 

$      243

 

$      422

 

$      942

 

 Service Class

 

$      103

 

$      322

 

$      558

 

$   1,236

 

Portfolio Turnover
The Portfolio pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs. These costs, which are not reflected in annual Portfolio operating expenses or in the Example, affect the Portfolio's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the Portfolio's portfolio turnover rate was 30% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal Investment Strategies
The Portfolio, under normal circumstances, invests at least 80% of its assets (net assets plus any borrowing for investment purposes) in securities of issuers in the utilities group of industries. Massachusetts Financial Services Company, the Portfolio's Subadvisor, considers a company to be in the utilities group of industries if, at the time of investment, the Subadvisor determines that a substantial portion (i.e., at least 50%) of the company's assets or revenues are derived from one or more utilities. Issuers in the utilities industries include issuers engaged in the manufacture, production, generation, transmission, sale or distribution of electric, gas or other types of energy, water or other sanitary services; and issuers engaged in telecommunications, including telephone, cellular telephone, satellite, microwave, cable television, and other communications media (but not engaged in public broadcasting). The Portfolio will invest at least 25% of its total assets (concentrate its investments) in securities issued by companies in the utilities group of industries.

The Subadvisor primarily invests the Portfolio's assets in equity securities, but may also invest in debt instruments, including below investment grade quality debt instruments (commonly referred to as “high yield securities” or “junk bonds”). Equity securities include common stocks, preferred stocks, securities convertible into stocks, securities of qualified public limited partnerships, and depositary receipts for such securities. Debt instruments include corporate bonds and other obligations to repay borrowed money.

The Subadvisor may invest the Portfolio's assets in securities of companies of any market capitalization.

The Subadvisor invests the Portfolio's assets in U.S. and foreign securities, including emerging market securities. The Subadvisor normally invests the Portfolio’s assets across different countries and regions, but may invest a significant percentage of the Portfolio’s assets in issuers in a single country or region.

50

MainStay VP MFS® Utilities Portfolio

While the Subadvisor may use derivatives for any investment purpose, to the extent the Subadvisor uses derivatives, the Subadvisor expects to use derivatives primarily to increase or decrease currency exposure. Derivatives include futures, forward contracts, options and swaps.

The Subadvisor uses an active "bottom-up" investment approach to buying and selling investments for the Portfolio. Investments are selected primarily based on fundamental analysis of individual issuers and/or instruments in light of the issuer's financial condition and market, economic, political, and regulatory conditions. Factors considered for equity securities may include analysis of an issuer's earnings, cash flows, competitive position, and management ability. Factors considered for debt instruments may include the instrument's credit quality, collateral characteristics and indenture provisions and the issuer's management ability, capital structure, leverage, and ability to meet its current obligations. Quantitative models that systematically evaluate the valuation, price and earnings momentum, earnings quality, and other factors of the issuer of an equity security or the structure of a debt instrument may also be considered.

Principal Risks
You can lose money by investing in the Portfolio. An investment in the Portfolio is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. The investments selected by the Portfolio’s Subadvisor may underperform the market or other investments. The Portfolio may receive large purchase or redemption orders which may have adverse effects on performance if the Portfolio were required to sell securities, invest cash or hold a relatively large amount of cash at times when it would not otherwise do so.

The principal risks of investing in the Portfolio are summarized below.

Market Risk: The value of the Portfolio's investments may fluctuate because of changes in the markets in which the Portfolio invests, which could cause the Portfolio to underperform other funds with similar investment objectives and strategies. Changes in these markets may be rapid and unpredictable. From time to time, markets may experience periods of stress for potentially prolonged periods that may result in: (i) increased market volatility; (ii) reduced market liquidity; and (iii) increased redemptions of Portfolio shares. Such conditions may add significantly to the risk of volatility in the net asset value of the Portfolio's shares.

The energy markets have experienced significant volatility, including significant swings in the price of crude oil and national gas prices, and may experience and have historically experienced relatively high volatility for prolonged periods as a result of factors such as supply, technology, regulation, and market collusion. Such conditions may negatively impact the Portfolio and its shareholders. The Subadvisor may take measures to navigate the conditions of the energy markets, but there is no guarantee that such efforts will be effective or that the Portfolio's performance will correlate with any increase in oil and gas prices.

Portfolio Management Risk: The investment strategies, practices and risk analysis used by the Subadvisor may not produce the desired results. In addition, the Portfolio may not achieve its investment objective, including during a period in which the Subadvisor takes temporary positions in response to unusual or adverse market, economic or political conditions, or other unusual or abnormal circumstances.

Equity Securities Risk: Investments in common stocks and other equity securities are particularly subject to the risk of changing economic, stock market, industry and company conditions and the risks inherent in the portfolio managers' ability to anticipate such changes that can adversely affect the value of the Portfolio's holdings. Opportunity for greater gain often comes with greater risk of loss.

Utilities Concentration Risk: The Portfolio's performance will be closely tied to the performance of utilities issuers and, as a result, can be more volatile than the performance of more broadly-diversified funds. The prices of stocks in the utilities sector can be very volatile due to supply and/or demand for services or fuel, financing costs, conservation efforts, the negative impact of regulation, and other factors.

Debt Securities Risk: The risks of investing in debt or fixed-income securities include (without limitation): (i) credit risk, e.g., the issuer or guarantor of a debt security may be unable or unwilling (or be perceived as unable or unwilling) to make timely principal and/or interest payments or otherwise honor its obligations; (ii) maturity risk, e.g., a debt security with a longer maturity may fluctuate in value more than one with a shorter maturity; (iii) market risk, e.g., low demand for debt securities may negatively impact their price; (iv) interest rate risk, e.g., when interest rates go up, the value of a debt security generally goes down, and when interest rates go down, the value of a debt security generally goes up (long-term debt securities are generally more susceptible to interest rate risk than short-term debt securities); and (v) call risk, e.g., during a period of falling interest rates, the issuer may redeem a security by repaying it early, which may reduce the Portfolio’s income if the proceeds are reinvested at lower interest rates.

Interest rates in the United States are near historic lows, and the Portfolio currently faces a heightened level of interest rate risk. To the extent the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve Board”) continues to raise the federal funds rate, there is a risk that interest rates across the financial system may rise, possibly significantly and/or rapidly. Rising interest rates or lack of market participants may lead to decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the fixed-income or debt markets, making it more difficult for the Portfolio to sell its fixed-income or debt holdings at a time when the Subadvisor might wish to sell. Decreased liquidity in the fixed-income or debt markets also may make it more difficult to value some or all of the Portfolio’s fixed-income or debt holdings.

High-Yield Securities Risk: Investments in high-yield securities or non-investment grade securities (commonly referred to as "junk bonds") are considered speculative because they present a greater risk of loss than higher quality securities. Such securities may, under certain circumstances, be less liquid than higher rated securities. These securities pay investors a premium (a high interest rate or yield) because of the potential illiquidity

51

MainStay VP MFS® Utilities Portfolio

and increased risk of loss. These securities can also be subject to greater price volatility. In times of unusual or adverse market, economic or political conditions, these securities may experience higher than normal default rates.

Convertible Securities Risk: Convertible securities may be subordinate to other securities. In part, the total return for a convertible security depends upon the performance of the underlying stock into which it can be converted. Also, issuers of convertible securities are often not as strong financially as those issuing securities with higher credit ratings, are more likely to encounter financial difficulties and typically are more vulnerable to changes in the economy, such as a recession or a sustained period of rising interest rates, which could affect their ability to make interest and principal payments. If an issuer stops making interest and/or principal payments, the Portfolio could lose its entire investment.

Master Limited Partnership Risk: MLPs carry many of the risks inherent in investing in a partnership. State law governing partnerships is often less restrictive than state law governing corporations. Accordingly, there may be fewer protections afforded investors in a MLP. Limited partners may also have more limited control and limited rights to vote on matters affecting the MLP.

Preferred Shares Risk: Preferred shares represent an equity or ownership interest in an issuer that pays dividends at a specified rate and that has precedence over common shares in the payment of dividends. In the event an issuer is liquidated or declares bankruptcy, the claims of owners of bonds take precedence over the claims of those who own preferred and common shares. If interest rates rise, the fixed dividend on preferred shares may be less attractive, causing the price of preferred shares to decline. Preferred shares may have mandatory sinking fund provisions, as well as provisions allowing the shares to be called or redeemed prior to its maturity, which can have a negative impact on the share's price when interest rates decline.

Depositary Receipts Risk: Investments in depositary receipts may entail the special risks of foreign investing, including currency exchange fluctuations, government regulations, and the potential for political and economic instability.

Foreign Securities Risk: Investments in foreign securities may be riskier than investments in U.S. securities. Differences between U.S. and foreign regulatory regimes and securities markets, including less stringent investor protections and disclosure standards of some foreign markets, less liquid trading markets and political and economic developments in foreign countries, may affect the value of the Portfolio's investments in foreign securities. Foreign securities may also subject the Portfolio's investments to changes in currency rates. Changes in the value of foreign currencies may make the return on an investment go up or down, unrelated to the quality or performance of the investment itself.

Emerging Markets Risk: The risks related to investing in foreign securities are generally greater with respect to securities of companies that conduct their business activities in emerging markets or whose securities are traded principally in emerging markets. The risks of investing in emerging markets include the risks of illiquidity, increased price volatility, smaller market capitalizations, less government regulation, less extensive and less frequent accounting, financial and other reporting requirements, risk of loss resulting from problems in share registration and custody, substantial economic and political disruptions and the nationalization of foreign deposits or assets.

Geographic Focus Risk: Issuers in a single country, a small number of countries, or a particular geographic region can react similarly to market, currency, political, economic, regulatory, geopolitical and other conditions, and the Portfolio’s performance will be affected by the conditions in the countries or regions to which the Portfolio is exposed. To the extent the Portfolio focuses its investments in a particular country or region, its performance will be more susceptible to adverse developments in such country or region than a more geographically diversified fund.

Market Capitalization Risk: To the extent the Portfolio invests in securities issued by small-, mid-, or large-cap companies, the Portfolio will be subject to the risks associated with securities issued by companies of the applicable market capitalization.  Securities of small-cap and mid-cap companies may be subject to greater price volatility, significantly lower trading volumes, cyclical, static or moderate growth prospects and greater spreads between their bid and ask prices than securities of larger companies. Smaller capitalization companies frequently rely on narrower product lines and niche markets and may be more vulnerable to adverse business or market developments.  Securities issued by larger companies may have less growth potential and may not be able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during strong economic periods.  In addition, larger companies may be less capable of responding quickly to competitive challenges and industry changes, including those resulting from improvements in technology, and may suffer sharper price declines as a result of earnings disappointments.  There is a risk that the securities issued by companies of a certain market capitalization may underperform the broader market at any given time.

Derivatives Risk: Derivatives are investments whose value depends on (or is derived from) the value of an underlying instrument, such as a security, asset, reference rate or index. Derivative strategies may expose the Portfolio to greater risk than if it had invested directly in the underlying instrument and often involve leverage, which may exaggerate a loss, potentially causing the Portfolio to lose more money than it originally invested and would have lost had it invested directly in the underlying instrument. For example, if the Portfolio is the seller of credit protection in a credit default swap, the Portfolio effectively adds leverage to its portfolio and is subject to the credit exposure on the full notional value of the swap. Derivatives may be difficult to sell, unwind or value. Derivatives may also be subject to counterparty risk, which is the risk that the counterparty (the party on the other side of the transaction) on a derivative transaction will be unable to honor its contractual obligations to the Portfolio. Futures may be more volatile than direct investments in the instrument underlying the contract, and may not correlate perfectly to the underlying instrument. Futures and other derivatives also may involve a small initial investment relative to the risk assumed, which could result in losses greater than if they had not been used. Due to fluctuations in the price of the underlying asset, the Portfolio may not be able to profitably exercise an option and may lose its entire investment in an option. Forward commitments entail the risk that the instrument may be worth less when it is issued or received than the price the Portfolio agreed to pay when it made the commitment. The use of foreign currency forwards may result in currency

52

MainStay VP MFS® Utilities Portfolio

exchange losses due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates or an imperfect correlation between portfolio holdings denominated in a particular currency and the forward contracts entered into by the Portfolio. Uncleared swaps are particularly subject to counterparty credit, correlation, valuation, liquidity and leveraging risks. Additionally, applicable regulators have adopted rules imposing certain margin requirements, including minimums on uncleared swaps, which may result in the Portfolio and its counterparties posting higher margin amounts for uncleared swaps. Certain standardized swaps are subject to mandatory central clearing and exchange trading. Central clearing, which interposes a central clearinghouse to each participant’s swap, and exchange trading are intended to reduce counterparty credit risk and increase liquidity but neither makes swap transactions risk-free. Derivatives may also increase the expenses of the Portfolio.

Liquidity and Valuation Risk: Securities purchased by the Portfolio may be illiquid at the time of purchase or liquid at the time of purchase and subsequently become illiquid due to, among other things, events relating to the issuer of the securities, market events, operational issues, economic conditions, investor perceptions or lack of market participants. The lack of an active trading market may make it difficult to sell or obtain an accurate price for a security. If market conditions or issuer specific developments make it difficult to value securities, the Portfolio may value these securities using more subjective methods, such as fair value pricing. In such cases, the value determined for a security could be different than the value realized upon such security's sale. As a result, an investor could pay more than the market value when buying Portfolio shares or receive less than the market value when selling Portfolio shares. This could affect the proceeds of any redemption or the number of shares an investor receives upon purchase. Liquidity risk may also refer to the risk that the Portfolio may not be able to pay redemption proceeds within the allowable time period because of unusual market conditions, unusually high volume of redemptions, or other reasons. To meet redemption requests or to raise cash to pursue other investment opportunities, the Portfolio may be forced to sell securities at an unfavorable time and/or under unfavorable conditions, which may adversely affect the Portfolio.

Past Performance
The following bar chart and table indicate some of the risks of investing in the Portfolio. The bar chart shows you how the Portfolio's calendar year performance has varied over the life of the Portfolio. The average annual total returns table shows how the Portfolio’s average annual total returns for the one- and five-year periods and for the life of the Portfolio compare to those of a broad-based securities market index. Separate variable annuity and variable universal life insurance account and policy fees and charges are not reflected in the bar chart and table. If they were, returns would be less than those shown. The Portfolio has selected the Dow Jones Global Utilities Index as its primary benchmark. The Dow Jones Global Utilities Index is a free float market capitalization weighted index that measures the performance of utility companies in developed and emerging markets.

Performance data for the classes varies based on differences in their fee and expense structures. Past performance is not necessarily an indication of how the Portfolio will perform in the future.

Annual Returns, Initial Class Shares
(by calendar year 2013-2017)



 	 	 
Best Quarter

 
2Q/14

10.01

%

Worst Quarter

 
3Q/15

-11.63

%

53

MainStay VP MFS® Utilities Portfolio

Average Annual Total Returns (for the periods ended December 31, 2017)

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 

 

 

 

 	 	
 

 

Inception

 

1 Year

5 Years

Since

 

 

 

 

 

 	
Inception

 

Initial Class

2/17/2012

 

14.72

%

8.22

%

8.53

%

 

Service Class

2/17/2012

 

14.44

%

7.95

%

8.26

%

 

Dow Jones Global Utilities Index (reflects no deductions for fees, expenses, or taxes)

15.94

%

8.11

%

6.97

%

 

Management
New York Life Investment Management LLC serves as the Portfolio's Manager. Massachusetts Financial Services Company serves as the Portfolio's Subadvisor.

 	 	 
Subadvisor

Portfolio Managers

Portfolio Service Date

Massachusetts Financial Services Company

Maura Shaughnessy, Investment Officer

Since 2012

 	
Claud Davis, Investment Officer

Since 2014

 	
Scott Walker, Investment Officer

Since 2017

How to Purchase and Sell Shares
Shares of the Portfolio are currently offered to certain separate accounts to fund variable annuity policies and variable universal life insurance policies issued by New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation ("NYLIAC") and may also be offered to fund variable annuity policies and variable universal life insurance policies issued by other insurance companies. Shares of the Portfolio are also offered as underlying investments of the MainStay VP Asset Allocation Portfolios ("Asset Allocation Portfolios").

Individual investors do not transact directly with the Portfolio to purchase and redeem shares. Rather, investors select underlying investment options offered by the applicable policy. Please refer to the prospectus for the variable annuity policy or variable universal life insurance policy that offers the Portfolio as an underlying investment option for information on the allocation of premium payments and on transfers among the investment divisions of the separate account.

Tax Information
Because the Portfolio's shareholders are the separate accounts of NYLIAC or other insurance companies through which you purchased your variable annuity policy or variable universal life insurance policy and the Asset Allocation Portfolios, no discussion is included here as to the federal income tax consequences at the shareholder level. For information concerning the federal income tax consequences to variable annuity and variable universal life insurance policy owners, consult the prospectus relating to the appropriate policy.

Compensation to Broker/Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries
The Portfolio and/or its related companies may pay NYLIAC or other participating insurance companies, broker/dealers, or other financial intermediaries for the sale of Portfolio shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker/dealer or other financial intermediary or your sales person to recommend a policy that offers this Portfolio over another investment. Ask your individual salesperson or visit your broker/dealer’s or other financial intermediary firm’s website for more information. For additional information about these payments, please see the section entitled "The Fund and its Management" in the Prospectus.