Nasdaq-100 Index Fund
<head_breaker>

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The USAA Nasdaq-100 Index Fund (the Fund) seeks to match, before fees and expenses, the performance of the stocks composing the Nasdaq-100 Index1. The Nasdaq-100 Index represents 100 of the largest nonfinancial stocks traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market®.
1	Nasdaq-100®, Nasdaq-100 Index®, and Nasdaq® are trade or service marks of The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (which with its affiliates are the “Corporations”) and have been licensed for our use.
FEES AND EXPENSES
The tables below describe the fees and expenses that you may pay, directly and indirectly, to invest in the Fund. The annual fund operating expenses for the Fund Shares and R6 Shares are based on expenses incurred during the Fund’s most recently completed fiscal year.
Shareholder Fees
(fees paid directly from your investment)
 	Fund Shares	R6
Shares
 	None	None
Annual Fund Operating Expenses
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Fund Shares	R6 Shares
Management Fee	0.20%	0.20%
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) Fees	None	None
Other Expenses	0.31%	0.81%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	0.51%	1.01%
Reimbursement from Adviser	N/A	(0.61%)(a)
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses after Reimbursement	0.51%	0.40%
(a)	The Investment Adviser has agreed, through April 30, 2019, to make payments or waive management, administration, and other fees to limit the expenses of the R6 Shares of the Fund so that the Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (exclusive of commission recapture, expense offset arrangements, acquired fund fees and expenses, and extraordinary expenses) do not exceed an annual rate of 0.40% of the R6 Shares’ average daily net assets. This reimbursement arrangement may not be changed or terminated during this time period without approval of the Fund’s Board of Trustees and may be changed or terminated by the Investment Adviser at any time after April 30, 2019.
Prospectus  |  7
 

Table of Contents
Example
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in this Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, you would pay the following expenses on a $10,000 investment, assuming (1) a 5% annual return, (2) the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same, (3) you redeem all of your shares at the end of the periods shown, and (4) the expense reimbursement arrangement for the R6 Shares is not continued beyond one year.
 	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Fund Shares	$52	$164	$285	$640
R6 Shares	$41	$261	$498	$1,181
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, including commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when shares of the Fund are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance.
For the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 5% of the average value of its whole portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGY
The Fund’s principal investment strategy is, under normal market conditions, to invest at least 80% of the Fund’s assets in the common stocks of companies composing the Nasdaq-100 Index. This strategy may be changed upon 60 days’ written notice to shareholders.
In seeking to track the performance of the Nasdaq-100 Index, the Fund’s subadviser, Northern Trust Investments, Inc. (NTI), will normally invest in all the common stocks of companies in the Nasdaq-100 Index in roughly the same proportions as their weightings in the index. While NTI attempts to replicate the index, there may be times when the Fund and the index do not match exactly. At times, NTI may purchase a stock not included in the Nasdaq-100 Index when it believes doing so would be a cost-efficient way of approximating the index’s performance, for example, in anticipation of a stock being added to the index. To the extent that the Nasdaq-100 Index concentrates in the securities of a particular industry or group of industries, the Fund may similarly concentrate its investments.
8  |  USAA Index Funds
 

Table of Contents
PRINCIPAL RISKS
Any investment involves risk, and there is no assurance that the Fund’s objective will be achieved. As you consider an investment in the Fund, you also should take into account your tolerance for the daily fluctuations of the financial markets and whether you can afford to leave your money in the Fund for long periods of time to ride out down periods. As with other mutual funds, losing money is a risk of investing in the Fund.
The equity securities in the Fund’s portfolio are subject to stock market risk. A company’s stock price in general may decline over short or even extended periods, regardless of the success or failure of the company’s operations. Stock markets tend to run in cycles, with periods when stock prices generally go up and periods when stock prices generally go down. Equity securities tend to be more volatile than debt securities. In addition, to the degree the Fund invests in foreign securities, there is a possibility that the value of the Fund's investments in foreign securities will decrease because of unique risks, such as currency exchange-rate fluctuations; foreign market illiquidity; emerging-market risk; increased price volatility; uncertain political conditions; exchange-control regulations; foreign ownership limits; different accounting, reporting, and disclosure requirements; difficulties in obtaining legal judgments; and foreign withholding taxes.
The returns from a specific type of security or sector may trail returns from other asset classes, sectors, or the overall market. For example, the stocks that make up the Nasdaq-100 Index currently are heavily weighted in the technology sectors. High volatility or poor performance of the sectors will directly affect the Fund’s performance. Sectors will go through cycles of doing better or worse than stocks or bonds in general. These periods may last for several years.
While the Fund attempts to match the Nasdaq-100 Index as closely as possible, the ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective depends to some extent on the cash flow in and out of the Fund. The Fund’s performance may be affected by factors such as the size of the Fund’s portfolio, transaction costs, management fees and expenses, and brokerage commissions and fees. Changes in the Fund’s cash flow may affect how closely the Fund will track the Nasdaq-100 Index.
The Fund is non-diversified, which means that it may invest a greater percentage of its assets in a single issuer, such as a single stock or bond. Because a relatively high percentage of the Fund’s total assets may be invested in the securities of a single issuer or a limited number of issuers, the securities of the Fund may be more sensitive to changes in the market value of a single issuer, a limited number of issuers, or large companies generally. Such a focused investment strategy may increase the volatility of the Fund’s investment results because this Fund may be more susceptible to risks associated with a single issuer or economic, political, or regulatory event compared to those of a diversified fund.
Prospectus  |  9
 

Table of Contents
An investment in the Fund is not a deposit in USAA Federal Savings Bank, or any other bank, and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
PERFORMANCE
The following bar chart and table are intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The Fund has two classes of shares: Fund Shares and R6 Shares. The R6 Shares commenced operations on March 1, 2017, and will not present performance information until the share class has one full calendar year of operation. The bar chart provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund and illustrates the Fund Shares class's volatility and performance from year to year for each full calendar year over the past 10 years. The table shows how the Fund Shares' average annual total returns for the periods indicated compared to those of the Fund's benchmark index. Performance reflects any expense limitations in effect during the periods shown.
Remember, historical performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate what will happen in the future. For the Fund’s most current performance information, log on to usaa.com or call (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722.
RISK/RETURN BAR CHART
Annual Returns for Periods Ended December 31

During the periods shown in the chart:	Returns	Quarter ended
Highest Quarter Return	20.95%	March 31, 2012
Lowest Quarter Return	-23.98%	December 31, 2008
Year-to-Date-Return	3.02%	March 31, 2018
10  |  USAA Index Funds
 

Table of Contents
After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. In certain situations, the return after taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares may be higher than the other return amounts. A higher after-tax return may result when a capital loss occurs upon redemption and translates into an assumed tax deduction that benefits the shareholder. The actual after-tax returns depend on your tax situation and may differ from those shown. If you hold your shares through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as an individual retirement account (IRA) or 401(k) plan, the after-tax returns shown in the table are not relevant to you.
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
For Periods Ended December 31, 2017
 	Past
1 Year	Past
5 Years	Past
10 Years
Fund Shares	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	32.29%	19.98%	12.29%
Return After Taxes on Distributions	31.68%	19.66%	12.00%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares	18.78%	16.30%	10.23%
Index
Nasdaq-100 Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	32.99%	20.68%	13.05%
INVESTMENT ADVISER
USAA Asset Management Company (“AMCO” or “Adviser”)
SUBADVISER
Northern Trust Investments, Inc. (“NTI”)
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Brent Reeder, Senior Vice President of NTI, is primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund. He has had responsibility for the Fund since December 2006.
Prospectus  |  11
 

Table of Contents
PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES
Fund Shares:
You may purchase or sell Fund Shares through a USAA investment account on any business day through our website at usaa.com or mobile.usaa.com, or by telephone at (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722. You also may purchase or sell Fund Shares through certain other financial intermediaries. If you have opened an account directly with the Fund, you also may purchase and sell Fund Shares by mail at P.O. Box 659453, San Antonio, Texas 78265-9825.
■	Minimum initial purchase: $3,000
■	Minimum subsequent investment: $50
R6 Shares:
R6 Shares generally are available only through employer-sponsored retirement plans where a financial intermediary provides retirement recordkeeping services to plan participants. R6 Shares also are available to endowment funds and foundations. There is no minimum initial investment amount or minimum subsequent investment for R6 Shares. Please contact your plan administrator or recordkeeper to purchase or sell (redeem) shares from your retirement plan.
TAX INFORMATION
The Fund intends to make distributions that generally will be taxed to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gains, unless you are a tax-exempt investor or you invest through an IRA, 401(k) plan, or other tax-deferred account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).
PAYMENTS TO BROKER-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of such shares and certain servicing and administrative functions for investments in all classes except the R6 Shares. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.