NORTHERN U.S. GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND
<head_breaker>

MONEY MARKET FUNDS

 

U.S. GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND

 

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE

The Fund seeks to maximize current income to the extent consistent with the preservation of capital and maintenance of liquidity by investing exclusively in high quality money market instruments.

FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE FUND

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund.

 

Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment)

 

 
None

 	 	 	 
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a
percentage of the value of your investment)	 
Management Fees

 	 	0.33% 	
Other Expenses

 	 	0.03% 	
Transfer Agent Fees

 	 	0.02%        	
Other Operating Expenses

 	 	0.01%        	
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

 	 	0.36% 	
Expense Reimbursement(1)

 	 	(0.01)%	 
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Expense Reimbursement

 	 	0.35% 	
 

(1)  	
Northern Trust Investments, Inc. has contractually agreed to reimburse a portion of the operating expenses of the Fund (other than certain excepted expenses, i.e., Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses, the compensation paid to each Independent Trustee of the Trust, expenses of third party consultants engaged by the Board of Trustees, membership dues paid to the Investment Company Institute and Mutual Fund Directors Forum, expenses in connection with the negotiation and renewal of the revolving credit facility, extraordinary expenses and interest) to the extent the “Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses” exceed 0.35%. The “Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Expense Reimbursement” may be higher than the contractual limitation as a result of the excepted expenses that are not reimbursed. This contractual limitation will remain in effect for at least one year from the effective date of this Prospectus and may not be terminated before that time without the approval of the Board of Trustees.

EXAMPLE

The following Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 

1 Year	  	3 Years	  	5 Years	  	10 Years
$36	  	$115	  	$201	  	$455
 

PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES

The Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing, under normal circumstances, substantially all (and at least 99.5%) of its total assets in cash, securities issued or guaranteed as to principal and interest by the U.S. government or by a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an instrumentality of the U.S. government pursuant to authority granted by the Congress of the United States or any certificate of deposit of any of the foregoing, and repurchase agreements that are fully collateralized by cash or such securities. The Fund, under normal circumstances, will invest at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) in U.S. government securities and repurchase agreements collateralized solely by U.S. government securities.

The Fund operates as a “government money market fund” under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. As a “government money market fund” under Rule 2a-7, the Fund (1) is permitted to use the amortized cost method of valuation to seek to maintain a stable net asset value (“NAV”) of $1.00 share price, and (2) is not required to impose a liquidity fee and/or a redemption gate on fund redemptions that might apply to other types of money market funds should certain triggering events specified in Rule 2a-7 occur.

The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) imposes strict requirements on the investment quality, maturity, diversification and liquidity of the Fund’s investments. Accordingly, the Fund’s investments must have a remaining maturity of no more than 397 days and must be high quality. The Fund’s investment adviser may consider, among other things, credit, interest rate and prepayment risks as well as general market conditions when deciding whether to buy or sell investments for the Fund.

PRINCIPAL RISKS

CREDIT (OR DEFAULT) RISK is the risk that the inability or unwillingness of an issuer or guarantor of a fixed-income security, or a counterparty to a repurchase or other transaction, to meet its payment or other financial obligations will adversely affect the value of the Fund’s investments and its yield. Changes in the credit rating of a debt security held by the Fund could have a similar effect.

CYBERSECURITY RISK is the risk of an unauthorized breach and access to fund assets, customer data (including private shareholder information), or proprietary information, or the risk of an incident occurring that causes the Fund, the investment adviser, custodian, transfer agent, distributor and other service providers and financial intermediaries to suffer data breaches, data corruption or lose operational functionality.

 

MONEY MARKET FUNDS	 	14	 	NORTHERN FUNDS PROSPECTUS
Table of Contents
MONEY MARKET FUNDS

 

U.S. GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND

 

Successful cyber-attacks or other cyber-failures or events affecting the Fund or its service providers may adversely impact the Fund or its shareholders.

DEBT EXTENSION RISK is the risk that an issuer will exercise its right to pay principal on an obligation held by the Fund (such as an asset-backed security) later than expected. This may happen during a period of rising interest rates. Under these circumstances, the value of the obligation will decrease and the Fund will suffer from the inability to invest in higher yielding securities.

INCOME RISK is the risk that falling interest rates will cause the Fund’s income to decline. Income risk is generally higher for short-term debt securities.

INTEREST RATE RISK is the risk that during periods of rising interest rates, the Fund’s yield (and the market value of its securities) will tend to be lower than prevailing market rates; in periods of falling interest rates, the Fund’s yield (and the market value of its securities) will tend to be higher. Securities with longer maturities tend to be more sensitive to changes in interest rates, causing them to be more volatile than securities with shorter maturities. Securities with shorter maturities tend to provide lower returns and be less volatile than securities with longer maturities. If interest rates rise, the Fund’s yield may not increase proportionately, and the maturities of income securities that have the ability to be prepaid or called by the issuer may be extended. The risks associated with increasing interest rates are heightened given that interest rates are near historic lows, but are expected to increase in the future with unpredictable effects on the markets and the Fund’s investments. A general rise in interest rates may cause investors to move out of fixed income securities on a large scale, which could adversely affect the price and liquidity of fixed income securities and could also result in increased redemptions from the Fund. A low interest or declining rate environment may prevent the Fund from providing a positive yield or paying Fund expenses out of Fund assets and could lead to a decline in the Fund’s share price. Fluctuations in interest rates may also affect the liquidity of fixed income securities and instruments held by the Fund.

LARGE SHAREHOLDER TRANSACTIONS RISK is the risk that the Fund may experience adverse effects when certain large shareholders purchase or redeem large amounts of shares of the Fund. Such large shareholder redemptions may cause the Fund to sell its securities at times it would not otherwise do so, which may negatively impact its liquidity. Such sales may also accelerate the increase of taxable income to shareholders if these sales result in gains, and may also increase transaction costs. In addition, large redemptions could lead to an increase in the Fund’s expense ratio due to a smaller asset base. Large Fund share purchases may adversely affect the Fund’s performance to the extent that the Fund is delayed in investing new cash and is required to maintain a larger cash position than it ordinarily would.

MANAGEMENT RISK is the risk that a strategy used by the Fund’s investment adviser may fail to produce the intended results or that imperfections, errors or limitations in the tools and data used by the investment adviser may cause unintended results.

MARKET RISK is the risk that general market conditions, such as real or perceived adverse economic or political conditions, inflation, changes in interest rates, lack of liquidity in the bond markets or adverse investor sentiment could cause the value of your investment in the Fund, or its yield, to decline. The market value of the securities in which the Fund invests may go up or down in response to the prospects of particular sectors or governments and/or general economic conditions throughout the world due to increasingly interconnected global economies and financial markets.

PREPAYMENT (OR CALL) RISK is the risk that prepayment of the underlying mortgages or other collateral of some fixed-income securities may result in a decreased rate of return and a decline in value of those securities.

STABLE NAV RISK is the risk that the Fund will not be able to maintain an NAV per share of $1.00 at all times. A significant enough market disruption or drop in market prices of securities held by the Fund, especially at a time when the Fund needs to sell securities to meet shareholder redemption requests, could cause the value of the Fund’s shares to decrease to a price less than $1.00 per share. If the Fund fails to maintain a stable NAV (or if there is a perceived threat of such a failure), the Fund could be subject to increased redemption activity, which could adversely affect its NAV.

U.S. GOVERNMENT SECURITIES RISK is the risk that the U.S. government will not provide financial support to its agencies, instrumentalities or sponsored enterprises if it is not obligated to do so by law. Certain U.S. government securities purchased by the Fund are neither issued nor guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury and, therefore, may not be backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. It is possible that the issuers of such securities will not have the funds to meet their payment obligations in the future.

You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, the Fund cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not a deposit of any bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, any other government agency, or The Northern Trust Company, its affiliates, subsidiaries or any other bank. The Fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial

 

NORTHERN FUNDS PROSPECTUS	 	15	 	MONEY MARKET FUNDS
Table of Contents
MONEY MARKET FUNDS

 

U.S. GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND

 

support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

FUND PERFORMANCE

The bar chart and table that follow provide an indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing changes in the performance of the Fund from year to year.

The Fund’s past performance is not necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the future.

Updated performance information for the Fund is available and may be obtained on the Fund’s website at northerntrust.com/funds or by calling 800-595-9111.

CALENDAR YEAR TOTAL RETURN*

 

 

LOGO

* Year to date total return for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 is [        ]%. For the periods shown in the bar chart above, the highest quarterly return was 0.75% in the first quarter of 2008, and the lowest quarterly return was 0.00% in the fourth quarter of 2015.

AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN

(For the periods ended December 31, 2017)

 

 	 	Inception
Date	 	 	1-Year	 	 	5-Year	 	 	10-Year	 	 	Since
Inception	 
U.S. Government Money Market Fund

 	 	4/11/94	 	 	 	0.57	% 	 	 	0.13	% 	 	 	0.25	% 	 	 	2.33	% 
The 7-day yield for the Fund as of December 31, 2017: 1.02%. For the current 7-day yield call 800-595-9111 or visit northerntrust.com/funds.

MANAGEMENT

INVESTMENT ADVISER. Northern Trust Investments, Inc., a subsidiary of Northern Trust Corporation, serves as the investment adviser of the Fund. The Northern Trust Company, an affiliate of Northern Trust Investments, Inc., serves as transfer agent, custodian and sub-administrator to the Fund.

PURCHASE AND SALE OF FUND SHARES

You may open an account directly with Northern Funds (the “Trust”) with a minimum initial investment of $2,500 in the Fund ($500 for an IRA; $250 under the Automatic Investment Plan; and $500 for employees of Northern Trust and its affiliates). The minimum subsequent investment is $50 (except for reinvestments of distributions for which there is no minimum). The Fund reserves the right to waive these minimums. You may also purchase Fund shares through your account at Northern Trust (or an affiliate) or an authorized intermediary.

On any business day, you may sell (redeem) or exchange shares through your account by contacting your Northern Trust account representative or authorized intermediary. If you purchase shares directly from the Trust, you may sell (redeem) or exchange your shares in one of the following ways:

 

∎	 	
By Mail – Send a written request to: Northern Funds, P.O. Box 75986, Chicago, Illinois 60675-5986.

 

∎	 	
By Telephone – Authorize the telephone privilege on your New Account Application. Call 800-595-9111 to use the telephone privilege.

 

∎	 	
By Wire – Authorize wire redemptions on your New Account Application and have proceeds sent by federal wire transfer to a previously designated bank account (the minimum redemption amount by this method is $250). You will be charged $15 for each wire redemption unless the designated bank account is maintained at Northern Trust or an affiliated bank. Call 800-595-9111 for instructions.

 

∎	 	
By Check – If you authorize the checkwriting privilege on your New Account Application, you may redeem shares of the Fund by check in amounts of $250 or more. In the event that the Fund is required to redeem and sell Fund shares at a price other than $1.00 per share, the checkwriting privilege for the Fund will be suspended until the Fund is able to redeem and sell Fund shares at a stable NAV of $1.00 per share.

 

∎	 	
By Systematic Withdrawal – If you own shares of the Fund with a minimum value of $10,000, you may elect to have a fixed sum redeemed at regular intervals and distributed in cash or reinvested in one or more other funds of the Trust. Call 800-595-9111 for an application form and additional information. The minimum amount is $250 per withdrawal.

 

∎	 	
By Exchange – Complete the Exchange Privilege section of your New Account Application to exchange shares of one fund in the Trust for shares of another fund in the Trust. Shares being exchanged must have a value of at least $1,000 ($2,500 if a new account is being established by the exchange, $500 if the new account is an IRA). Call 800-595-9111 for more information.

 

MONEY MARKET FUNDS	 	16	 	NORTHERN FUNDS PROSPECTUS
Table of Contents
MONEY MARKET FUNDS

 

U.S. GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FUND

 

 

∎	 	
By Internet – You may initiate transactions between Northern Trust banking and Fund accounts by using Northern Trust Private Passport. For details and to sign up for this service, go to northerntrust.com/funds or contact your Relationship Manager.

TAX INFORMATION

The Fund’s distributions are generally taxable to you as ordinary income, capital gains, or a combination of the two, unless you are investing through a tax-exempt or tax-deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an individual retirement account. Distributions may be taxable upon withdrawal from tax-deferred accounts.

 

PAYMENTS TO BROKERS-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES

If you purchase the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.