NT EMERGING MARKETS FUND
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary
Investment Objective
The fund seeks capital growth.
Fees and Expenses
The following table describes the fees and expenses you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund.
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 
G1
Management Fee2
0.90%
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees
None
Other Expenses
0.01%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses
0.91%
Fee Waiver3
0.90%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver
0.01%
1 
Prior to July 31, 2017, this class was referred to as the Institutional Class.
2 
The management fee has been restated to reflect the decrease in the management fee schedule effective April 1, 2018.
3 
The advisor has agreed to waive the G Class’s management fee in its entirety. The advisor expects this waiver to remain in effect permanently and cannot terminate it without the approval of the Board of Directors.
Example
The example below is intended to help you compare the costs of investing in the fund with the costs of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods and that you earn a 5% return each year. The example also assumes that the fund’s operating expenses remain the same, except that it reflects the rate and duration of any fee waivers noted in the table above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 
1 year
3 years
5 years
10 years
G Class
$1
$3
$6
$13
Portfolio Turnover
The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 56% of the average value of its portfolio.
Principal Investment Strategies
The fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets in equity securities of companies located in emerging market countries. The fund generally invests in equity securities denominated in foreign currencies.
The fund considers an emerging market country to be any country other than a developed country. However, the fund generally intends to focus its investments in the subset of emerging markets countries that comprise the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The countries comprising the index will change from time to time, but as of December 29, 2017 include: Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, Egypt, Greece, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan , Peru, Philippines, Poland, Qatar, Russia, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and United Arab Emirates. In addition, a portion of the fund’s assets may be invested in frontier markets (emerging market countries at an earlier stage of development).
In determining where a company is located, the portfolio managers will consider various factors, including where the company is headquartered, where the company’s principal operations are located, where the company’s revenues are derived, where the principal trading market is located and the country in which the company was legally organized. The weight given to each of these factors will vary depending on the circumstances in a given case.

#2#


The portfolio managers look for stocks of companies they believe will increase in value over time, using an investment strategy developed by the fund’s investment advisor. In implementing this strategy, the portfolio managers make their investment decisions based primarily on their analysis of individual companies, rather than on economic forecasts. Management of the fund is based on the belief that, over the long term, stock price movements follow growth in earnings, revenues and/or cash flow. The portfolio managers use a variety of analytical research tools and techniques to help them buy or hold stocks of companies that meet their investment criteria and sell the stocks of companies that do not. Under normal market conditions, the fund’s portfolio managers seek securities of companies whose earnings, revenues or key business fundamentals are not only growing, but growing at an accelerating pace.
The fund is not permitted to invest in securities issued by companies assigned the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) or the Bloomberg Industry Classification Standard (BICS) for the tobacco industry. If the issuer of a security purchased by the fund is subsequently found to be classified in the tobacco industry (due to acquisition, merger or otherwise), the fund will sell the security as soon as reasonably possible.
Principal Risks
•
Foreign Risk – Foreign securities are generally riskier than U.S. securities. Political events (such as civil unrest, national elections and imposition of exchange controls), social and economic events (such as labor strikes and rising inflation), and natural disasters occurring in a country where the fund invests could cause the fund’s investments in that country to experience gains or losses. Securities of foreign issuers may be less liquid, more volatile and harder to value than U.S. securities.
•
Small-Cap Stock Risk – Smaller companies may have limited financial resources, product lines, markets and have less publicly available information. These securities may trade less frequently and in more limited volumes than larger companies’ securities, leading to higher transaction costs. Smaller companies also may be more sensitive to changing economic conditions, and investments in smaller foreign companies may experience more price volatility.
•
Currency Risk – The fund could experience gains or losses based solely on changes in the exchange rate between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar.
•
Emerging Market Risk – Investing in emerging market countries generally is riskier than investing in foreign developed countries. Emerging market countries may have unstable governments, economies that are subject to sudden change, and significant volatility in their financial markets. These countries also may lack the legal, business and social framework to support securities markets.
•
Frontier Emerging Markets Risk – The risks of investing in a frontier emerging market are magnified because they generally have smaller economies and less developed capital markets than traditional emerging markets. Unique risks include: potential for extreme price volatility and illiquidity, government control of certain industries or companies and limitations on foreign investment, economic and political instability, and relatively new and unsettled securities laws.
•
Single Country Risk  – Investing a significant portion of assets in one country or region makes the fund more dependent upon the political and economic circumstances of that particular country or region than a fund that is more widely diversified.
•
Growth Stocks – Investments in growth stocks may be more volatile than other stocks and the overall stock market. These stocks are typically priced higher than other stocks because of their growth potential, which may or may not be realized.
•
Tobacco Exclusion – The fund’s prohibition on tobacco-related investments may cause it to forego profitable investment opportunities.
•
Style Risk – If at any time the market is not favoring the fund’s growth investment style, the fund’s gains may not be as big as, or its losses may be bigger than, those of other equity funds using different investment styles.
•
Market Risk – The value of a fund’s shares will go up and down based on the performance of the companies whose securities it owns and other factors generally affecting the securities market.
•
Sector Risk - If the fund is overweighted in a stock or sector, any negative development related to that stock or sector will have a greater impact on the fund than other funds that are not overweighted in that stock or sector.
•
Redemption Risk – The fund may need to sell securities at times it would not otherwise do so in order to meet shareholder redemption requests. Selling securities to meet such redemptions may cause the fund to experience a loss, increase the fund’s transaction costs or have tax consequences. To the extent that a large shareholder (including a fund of funds) invests in the fund, the fund may experience relatively large redemptions as such shareholder reallocates its assets.
•
Price Volatility – The value of a fund’s shares may fluctuate significantly in the short term.
•
Principal Loss – At any given time your shares may be worth less than the price you paid for them. In other words, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.
An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit, and it is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other government agency.

#3#


Fund Performance
The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The bar chart shows changes in the fund’s performance from year to year for G Class shares. The table shows how the fund’s average annual returns for the periods shown compared with those of a broad measure of market performance. The fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the fund will perform in the future.
Calendar Year Total Returns
acwmf201548_chart-25355a09.jpg
Highest Performance Quarter (2Q 2009): 31.74%          Lowest Performance Quarter (3Q 2008): -32.19%
Average Annual Total Returns 
For the calendar year ended December 31, 2017
1 year
5 years
10 years
G Class Return Before Taxes
48.37%
7.60%
1.26%
Return After Taxes on Distributions
45.03%
7.12%
0.97%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares
30.30%
6.08%
1.03%
MSCI Emerging Markets Index
   (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes,
    other than foreign withholding tax)
37.28%
4.35%
1.68%
The after-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or IRAs.
Portfolio Management
Investment Advisor
American Century Investment Management, Inc.
Portfolio Managers
Patricia Ribeiro, Senior Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2006.
Sherwin Soo, CFA, Portfolio Manager, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2011.

#4#


Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
The fund is available for purchase only by funds advised by American Century Investments and other American Century advisory clients that are subject to a contractual fee for investment management services. The fund does not have a minimum purchase amount.
Tax Information
Fund distributions are generally taxable as ordinary income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred account such as a 401(k) or individual retirement account (in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).