NT HERITAGE FUND
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary  
Investment Objective 
The fund seeks long-term capital growth.
Fees and Expenses
The following table describes the fees and expenses you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund.
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 
G1
Management Fee
0.65%²
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees
None
Other Expenses
0.01%
Total Annual Operating Expenses
0.66%
Fee Waiver3
0.65%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses
After Fee Waiver
0.01%
1 Prior to July 31, 2017, the G Class was referred to as the Institutional Class.
2 The management fee has been restated to reflect the decrease in the management fee schedule effective July 31, 2017.
3 The advisor has agreed to waive the G Class’s management fee in its entirety. The advisor expects this waiver to remain in effect permanently and cannot terminate it without approval of the Board of Directors.
Example
The example below is intended to help you compare the costs of investing in the fund with the costs of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods and that you earn a 5% return each year. The example assumes that the fund’s operating expenses remain the same except this reflects the rate and duration of any fee waivers noted in the table above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 
1 year
3 years
5 years
10 years
G Class
$1
$3
$6
$13
Portfolio Turnover
The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 67% of the average value of its portfolio.   
Principal Investment Strategies
The portfolio managers look for stocks of medium-sized companies they believe will increase in value over time, using an investment strategy developed by the fund’s investment advisor. In implementing this strategy, the portfolio managers make their investment decisions based primarily on their analysis of individual companies, rather than on broad economic forecasts. Management of the fund is based on the belief that durable franchises in a growing industry can sustain above average earnings growth. Under normal market conditions, the fund’s portfolio will primarily consist of securities of companies with attractive returns on invested capital that are demonstrating business improvement. Analytical indicators helping to identify signs of business improvement could include accelerating earnings or revenue growth rates, increasing cash flows, or other indications of the relative strength of a company’s business. These techniques help the portfolio managers buy or hold the stocks of companies they believe have favorable growth prospects and sell the stocks of companies whose characteristics no longer meet their criteria.
The fund will usually purchase common stocks of companies that are medium-sized at the time of purchase, but it will purchase securities of smaller- and larger-sized companies as well.
Also, although the portfolio managers intend to invest the fund’s assets primarily in U.S. securities, the fund may invest in securities of foreign companies when these securities meet the portfolio managers’ standards of selection.
The fund is not permitted to invest in securities issued by companies assigned the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) or the Bloomberg Industry Classification Standard (BICS) for the tobacco industry.

2#





The fund may write covered calls on a portion of the fund’s holdings in common stock when the portfolio managers believe call premiums are attractive relative to the price of the underlying security.
The fund may engage in active and frequent trading of portfolio securities to achieve its principal investment strategies. This may cause higher transaction costs and may affect performance. It may also result in the realization and distribution of capital gains.
Principal Risks
•
Growth Stocks – Investments in growth stocks may be more volatile than other stocks and the overall stock market. These stocks are typically priced higher than other stocks because of their growth potential, which may or may not be realized.
•
Mid Cap Stocks – The fund invests in mid-sized and smaller companies, which may be more volatile and subject to greater risk than larger companies. Smaller companies may have limited financial resources, product lines and markets, and their securities may trade less frequently and in more limited volumes than the securities of larger companies, which could lead to higher transaction costs.
•
Style Risk – If at any time the market is not favoring the fund’s growth investment style, the fund’s gains may not be as big as, or its losses may be bigger than, those of other equity funds using different investment styles.
•
Tobacco Exclusion – The fund’s prohibition on tobacco-related investments may cause it to forego profitable investment opportunities.
•
Market Risk – The value of the fund’s shares will go up and down based on the performance of the companies whose securities it owns and other factors generally affecting the securities market.
•
Foreign Securities – The fund may invest in foreign securities, which can be riskier than investing in U.S. securities. Securities of foreign issuers may be less liquid, more volatile and harder to value than U.S. securities.
•
Covered Call Risk – Writing covered calls may limit the fund’s ability to participate in price increases of the underlying securities and could lower the fund’s return.
•
Price Volatility – The value of the fund’s shares may fluctuate significantly in the short term.
•
Redemption Risk –The fund may need to sell securities at times it would not otherwise do so in order to meet shareholder redemption requests. Selling securities to meet such redemptions may cause the fund to experience a loss, increase the fund’s transaction costs or have tax consequences. To the extent that a large shareholder (including a fund of funds) invests in the fund, the fund may experience relatively large redemptions as such shareholder reallocates its assets.      
•
Principal Loss – At any given time your shares may be worth less than the price you paid for them. In other words, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.
An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit, and it is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other government agency.
Fund Performance
The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The bar chart shows changes in the fund’s performance from year to year for G Class shares. The table shows how the fund’s average annual returns for the periods shown compared with those of a broad measure of market performance. The fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the fund will perform in the future.

3#





Calendar Year Total Returns
chart-f74443c1a64847b936ca01.jpg
Highest Performance Quarter (1Q 2012): 16.67% Lowest Performance Quarter (4Q 2008): -25.63%  
Average Annual Total Returns
For the calendar year ended December 31, 2017
1 year
5 years
10 years
G Class Return Before Taxes
22.44%
12.81%
4.46%
Return After Taxes on Distributions
20.44%
10.92%
3.56%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares
14.35%
9.89%
3.38%
Russell Midcap® Growth Index
   (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)
25.27%
15.30%
9.09%
 
The after-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or IRAs.     
Portfolio Management
Investment Advisor
American Century Investment Management, Inc.
Portfolio Managers
Rob Brookby , Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2018. 
Nalin Yogasundram, Portfolio Manager, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2013.
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares
The fund is available for purchase only by funds advised by American Century Investments and other American Century advisory clients that are subject to a contractual fee for investment management services. The fund does not have a minimum purchase amount.
Tax Information
Fund distributions are generally taxable as ordinary income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred account such as a 401(k) or individual retirement account (in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).