NT SMALL COMPANY
<head_breaker>

Fund Summary 
Investment Objective 
The fund seeks long-term capital growth. 
Fees and Expenses 
The following table describes the fees and expenses you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund.
Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 
G1
Management Fee
0.66%
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees
None
Other Expenses
0.00%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses
0.66%
Fee Waiver2
0.66%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver
0.00%
 
1 
Prior to July 31, 2017, this class was referred to as the Institutional Class.
2 
The advisor has agreed to waive the G Class’s management fee in its entirety. The advisor expects this waiver to remain in effect permanently and cannot terminate it without the approval of the Board of Directors.
Example 
The example below is intended to help you compare the costs of investing in the fund with the costs of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods, that you earn a 5% return each year, and that the fund’s operating expenses remain the same, except that it reflects the rate and duration of any fee waivers noted in the table above. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:
 
1 year
3 years
5 years
10 years
G Class
$0
$0
$0
$0
 
Portfolio Turnover 
The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 99% of the average value of its portfolio.
Principal Investment Strategies 
Under normal market conditions, the fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets in stocks of smaller-capitalization U.S. companies. The managers consider small companies to be those that, at the time of investment, have a market capitalization not greater than that of the largest company in the Russell 2000® Index. Though the market capitalization and composition of the Russell 2000® Index are subject to change, as of September 30, 2018, the market-capitalization of the largest company in the Russell 2000® Index was approximately $ 7.7 billion. The portfolio managers use quantitative management techniques in a two-step process. First, the managers rank stocks, primarily smaller U.S. companies, from most attractive to least attractive based on an objective set of measures, including each stock’s valuation, quality, growth, and sentiment. Second, the portfolio managers use a quantitative model to build a portfolio of stocks from the ranking described above that they believe will provide the optimal balance between risk and expected return.
The fund may invest in equity securities issued by real estate investment trusts (REITs).
The portfolio managers generally sell a stock when they believe it has become less attractive relative to other opportunities, its risk characteristics outweigh its return opportunity or specific events alter its prospects. 
The fund is not permitted to invest in securities issued by companies assigned the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) or the Bloomberg Industry Classification Standard (BICS) for the tobacco industry.
The fund may engage in active and frequent trading of portfolio securities to achieve its principal investment strategies. This may cause higher transaction costs and may affect performance. It may also result in the realization and distribution of capital gains.

2


Principal Risks
•
Small Cap Stocks – The smaller companies in which the fund invests may be more volatile and subject to greater risk than larger companies. Smaller companies may have limited financial resources, product lines and markets, and their securities may trade less frequently and in more limited volumes than the securities of larger companies, which could lead to higher transaction costs.
•
Style Risk – If at any time the market is not favoring the fund’s quantitative investment style, the fund’s gains may not be as big as, or its losses may be bigger than, those of other equity funds using different investment styles.
•
Investment Process Risk – Stocks selected by the portfolio managers using quantitative models may perform differently than expected due to the portfolio managers’ judgments regarding the factors used in the models, the weight placed on each factor, changes from the factors’ historical trends, and technical issues with the construction and implementation of the models (including, for example, data problems and/or software or other implementation issues). There is no guarantee that the use of the quantitative model will result in effective investment decisions for the fund. Additionally, the commonality of portfolio holdings across quantitative investment managers may amplify losses.
•
Benchmark Correlation – The fund’s performance will be similar to the performance of its benchmark, the Russell 2000® Index. If the fund’s benchmark goes down, it is likely that the fund’s performance will go down.  
•
Tobacco Exclusion – The fund’s prohibition on tobacco-related investments may cause it to forego profitable investment opportunities.
•
Market Risk – The value of the fund’s shares will go up and down based on the performance of the companies whose securities it owns and other factors generally affecting the securities market.
•
Price Volatility – The value of the fund’s shares may fluctuate significantly in the short term.
•
REITs Risk – Investments in REITs are subject to credit risk and interest rate risk with respect to the loans made by the REITs in which the fund invests. Credit risk is the risk that the borrower will not be able to make interest and principal payments on the loan to the REIT when they are due. Interest rate risk is the risk that a change in the prevailing interest rate will cause the value of the loan portfolio held by the REIT to rise or fall.
•
Redemption Risk – The fund may need to sell securities at times it would not otherwise do so in order to meet shareholder redemption requests. Selling securities to meet such redemptions may cause the fund to experience a loss, increase the fund’s transaction costs or have tax consequences. To the extent that a large shareholder (including a fund of funds) invests in the fund, the fund may experience relatively large redemptions as such shareholder reallocates its assets.
•
Principal Loss – At any given time your shares may be worth less than the price you paid for them. In other words, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.
An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit, and it is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other government agency. 
Fund Performance
The following bar chart and table provide some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The bar chart shows changes in the fund’s performance from year to year for G Class shares. The table shows how the fund’s average annual returns for the periods shown compared with those of a broad measure of market performance. The fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is not necessarily an indication of how the fund will perform in the future.

3


Calendar Year Total Returns
 acqef201448_chart-05166a08.jpg
Highest Performance Quarter (3Q 2009): 17.06% Lowest Performance Quarter (4Q 2008): -26.99%
As of September 30, 2018 , the most recent calendar quarter end, the fund’s G Class year-to-date return was 8.81% .
Average Annual Total Returns
For the calendar year ended December 31, 2017
1 year
5 years
10 years
G Class Return Before Taxes
11.31%
13.79%
7.40%
Return After Taxes on Distributions
7.75%
10.91%
5.77%
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares
9.27%
10.38%
5.64%
Russell 2000® Index
   (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes)
14.65%
14.11%
8.70%
The after-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or IRAs. 
Portfolio Management 
Investment Advisor 
American Century Investment Management, Inc. 
Portfolio Managers 
Brian L. Garbe, Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2010. 
Steven Rossi, CFA, Portfolio Manager, has been a member of the team that manages the fund since 2017.
Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares 
The fund is available for purchase only by funds advised by American Century Investments and other American Century advisory clients that are subject to a contractual fee for investment management services. The fund does not have a minimum purchase amount. 
Tax Information 
Fund distributions are generally taxable as ordinary income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred account such as a 401(k) or individual retirement account (in which case you may be taxed upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).