PIMCO Gurtin National Municipal Intermediate Value Fund
<head_breaker>

PIMCO Gurtin National Municipal Intermediate Value Fund




Investment Objective

The Fund seeks to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax while seeking to preserve capital and liquidity.

Fees and Expenses of the Fund


This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund:


Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment): None

Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment):

 


Inst
Class

Management Fees

[ ]

Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) Fees

[ ]

Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses

[ ]

Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement(1)

[ ]

Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement

[ ]

 

1 PIMCO has contractually agreed through [ ], to reduce its advisory fee by [ ]% of the average daily net assets of the Fund. This Fee Waiver Agreement renews annually unless terminated by PIMCO upon at least 30 days' prior notice to the end of the contract term.

Example. The Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in Institutional Class shares of the Fund with the costs of investing in other mutual funds. The Example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the noted class of shares for the time periods indicated, and then redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund's operating expenses remain the same. Investors may pay brokerage commissions on their purchases and sales of Institutional Class shares of the Fund, which are not reflected in the Example. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:


1 Year

3 Years

Institutional Class

[ ]

[ ]

Portfolio Turnover


The Fund pays transaction costs when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Example tables, affect the Fund's performance. The Fund has not yet commenced operations as of the most recent fiscal year end. Thus, no portfolio turnover rate is provided for the Fund.


Principal Investment Strategies

The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing under normal circumstances at least 80% of its assets in debt securities whose interest is, in the opinion of bond counsel for the issuer at the time of issuance, exempt from federal income tax ("Municipal Bonds"). Municipal Bonds generally are issued by or on behalf of states and local governments and their agencies, authorities and other instrumentalities.


The Fund may invest in Fixed Income Instruments which include bonds, debt securities and other similar instruments. The Fund may invest without limitation in "private activity" bonds whose interest is a tax-preference item for purposes of the federal alternative minimum tax ("AMT"). For shareholders subject to the AMT, distributions derived from "private activity" bonds must be included in their AMT calculations, and as such a portion of the Fund's distribution may be subject to federal income tax. The dollar-weighted average portfolio maturity of the Fund, under normal circumstances, is expected to range from 3 to 10 years. The Fund may invest in securities of any duration. Duration is a measure used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in interest rates. The longer a security's duration, the more sensitive it will be to changes in interest rates.


The Fund will only invest in instruments that meet its internal credit quality standards at the time of purchase (i.e., instruments that Gurtin Municipal Bond Management ("Gurtin"), the Fund's sub-adviser, has determined, irrespective of any assigned rating by an external credit rating agency or whether a rating is assigned, to be of at least equivalent quality as obligations that are rated in the Baa rating category or above by Moody's Investors Services, Inc. ("Moody's") or in the BBB rating category or above by Standard & Poor's Rating Services ("S&P") or Fitch, Inc. ("Fitch"). Although ratings by credit rating agencies may be considered, Gurtin primarily relies on its internal research and the ratings it assigns to particular obligors of municipal obligations when assessing an obligor's credit quality.


The Fund's investments may include fixed or floating rate general obligation bonds and notes, lease revenue bonds, revenue bonds and notes, and zero coupon securities. The Fund may buy securities on a when-issued, delayed delivery or forward commitment basis and may engage in short sales. The Fund may, at times, invest more than 25% of its net assets in Municipal Bonds the principal and interest payments of which are paid by obligors located in a single state.


The Fund may invest the remainder of its net assets in other municipal instruments, U.S. Government Securities and certain cash and cash equivalents, including cash sweep vehicles.


In selecting securities and obligations for the Fund's portfolio, Gurtin applies an ongoing research process to determine which Municipal Bonds it expects to have advantageous relative value characteristics, which Gurtin considers to be the potential to generate yield and preserve capital without assuming undue risk. In addition, Gurtin analyzes the Fund's portfolio on an ongoing basis with a review of credit quality, duration, security structure, yield curve positioning and sector risk. Gurtin generally sells securities due to credit deterioration and in response to shareholder liquidity requests but will also sell securities as Gurtin deems appropriate to enhance portfolio performance or harvest tax losses.


The Fund is non-diversified, which means that it may invest its assets in a smaller number of issuers than a diversified fund.

Principal Risks

It is possible to lose money on an investment in the Fund. The principal risks of investing in the Fund, which could adversely affect its net asset value, yield and total return are listed below.

 




[ ] | [ ]

7

 

Table of Contents

PIMCO Gurtin National Municipal Intermediate Value Fund




New/Small Fund Risk: the risk that a new or smaller fund's performance may not represent how the fund is expected to or may perform in the long term. In addition, new funds have limited operating histories for investors to evaluate and new and smaller funds may not attract sufficient assets to achieve investment and trading efficiencies

Floating Rate Securities Risk: the risk of investing in floating rate notes, which generally carry lower yields than fixed notes of the same maturity. Securities with variable or floating interest rates may be less sensitive to interest rate changes than securities with fixed interest rates, but may decline in value if their interest rates do not rise as much, or at the same pace, as interest rates in general. The interest rate for a floating rate note occasionally adjusts or resets by reference to a benchmark interest rate. Benchmark interest rates, such as London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), may not precisely track market interest rates. In general, securities with longer durations tend to be more sensitive to interest rate changes, which may make them more volatile than securities with shorter durations

General Obligation Bond Risk: the risk of investing in general obligation bonds, which are generally secured by the obligor's pledge of its full faith, credit and taxing power for the payment of principal and interest. However, the taxing power of any governmental entity may be limited by provisions of state constitutions or laws and an entity's credit will depend on many factors

Lease Revenue Bond Risk: the risk of investing in lease revenue bonds and other municipal lease obligations, which may be considered less secure than a general obligation or revenue bond and may or may not include a debt service reserve fund. There have also been certain legal challenges to the use of lease revenue bonds in various states

Revenue Bond Risk: the risk of investing in revenue bonds, which are generally backed by and payable from the revenues derived from a specific facility or specific revenue source or sources. As a result, the revenue bonds in which the Fund invests may entail greater credit risk than the Fund's investments in general obligation bonds

Zero Coupon Bond Risk: the risk of investing in zero coupon bonds, in which the market prices are more volatile than the market prices of securities that pay interest on a regular basis. Since the Fund will not receive cash payments earned on these securities on a current basis, the Fund may be required to make distributions from other sources. This may result in higher portfolio turnover rates and the sale of securities at a time that is less favorable

Taxation Risk: the risk that to the extent that the Fund invests in securities the income from which is not tax-exempt, your share of income from such investments will be taxable for state and/or federal income tax purposes. Although the Fund seeks to invest primarily in securities that are not subject to regular federal income tax, the Fund may invest a portion of its total assets in municipal securities subject to the federal alternative minimum tax

Tax-Exempt Status Risk: the risk that reclassifications or legislative or court actions could cause interest from a tax-exempt security to become taxable, possibly retroactively, subjecting you to increased tax liability

U.S. Treasury and Agency Securities Risk: the risk of investing in securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury or its agencies and instrumentalities, which may be backed only by the credit of the agency or instrumentality and not by the full faith and credit of the United States. No assurance can be given that the U.S. government would provide financial support to its agencies and instrumentalities

Interest Rate Risk: the risk that fixed income securities will decline in value because of an increase in interest rates; a fund with a longer average portfolio duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a fund with a shorter average portfolio duration


Call Risk: the risk that an issuer may exercise its right to redeem a fixed income security earlier than expected (a call). Issuers may call outstanding securities prior to their maturity for a number of reasons (e.g., declining interest rates, changes in credit spreads and improvements in the issuer's credit quality). If an issuer calls a security that the Fund has invested in, the Fund may not recoup the full amount of its initial investment and may be forced to reinvest in lower-yielding securities, securities with greater credit risks or securities with other, less favorable features



Credit Risk: the risk that the Fund could lose money if the issuer or guarantor of a fixed income security, or the counterparty to a derivative contract, is unable or unwilling to meet its financial obligations



Market Risk: the risk that the value of securities owned by the Fund may go up or down, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, due to factors affecting securities markets generally or particular industries



Issuer Risk: the risk that the value of a security may decline for a reason directly related to the issuer, such as management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the issuer's goods or services



Liquidity Risk: the risk that a particular investment may be difficult to purchase or sell and that the Fund may be unable to sell illiquid securities at an advantageous time or price or achieve its desired level of exposure to a certain sector. Liquidity risk may result from the lack of an active market, reduced number and capacity of traditional market participants to make a market in fixed income securities, and may be magnified in a rising interest rate environment or other circumstances where investor redemptions from fixed income mutual funds may be higher than normal, causing increased supply in the market due to selling activity


Income Risk: the risk that when interest rates fall, the Fund's income may decline. This decline can occur because the Fund may invest in lower-yielding bonds as bonds in its portfolio mature

Extension Risk: the risk that if interest rates rise, prepayments of principal on certain callable fixed-income securities may occur less quickly and, as a result, the expected receipt of principal on such callable fixed-income securities could lengthen. Because payments are made later than expected, the Fund may be prevented from investing proceeds it would otherwise have received at a given time at the higher prevailing rate

Prepayment Risk: the risk that prepayment of fixed-income securities, which is more common when interest rates are declining, may shorten such securities' effective maturity, reduce the Fund's return and cause the Fund to reinvest in lower yielding securities

 

8     

[ ] | [ ]     

 

Table of Contents

Prospectus




When-Issued Securities Risk: the risks related to municipal securities issued on a when-issued basis, where payment and delivery take place at a future date beyond the normal settlement date. Because the market price of the security may fluctuate during the time before payment and delivery, the Fund assumes the risk that the value of the security at delivery may be more or less than the purchase price. In addition, interest is not generally paid on when-issued securities until settlement

Management Risk: the risk that the investment techniques and risk analyses applied by Gurtin will not produce the desired results and that legislative, regulatory, or tax restrictions, policies or developments may affect the investment techniques available to Gurtin and the individual portfolio manager in connection with managing the Fund. There is no guarantee that the investment objective of the Fund will be achieved

Municipal Instruments Risk: the risk that the Fund may be affected significantly by the economic, regulatory or political developments affecting the ability of issuers of municipal instruments to pay interest or repay principal

Single State Municipal Securities Risk: the risk that because the Fund may invest a significant portion of its assets in municipal securities of a particular state, it may be more exposed to the impact of legislative, tax, and political changes within that state than a fund that invests more widely


Municipal Project-Specific Risk: the risk that the Fund may be more sensitive to adverse economic, business or political developments if it invests a substantial portion of its assets in the bonds of similar projects (such as those relating to education, health care, housing, transportation, and utilities), industrial development bonds, or in bonds from issuers in a single state



Issuer Non-Diversification Risk: the risk of focusing investments in a small number of issuers, including being more susceptible to risks associated with a single economic, political or regulatory occurrence than a more diversified portfolio might be. Funds that are "non-diversified" may invest a greater percentage of their assets in the securities of a single issuer (such as bonds issued by a particular state) than funds that are "diversified"


Short Exposure Risk: the risk of entering into short sales, including the potential loss of more money than the actual cost of the investment, and the risk that the third party to the short sale will not fulfill its contractual obligations, causing a loss to the Fund


Please see "Description of Principal Risks" in the Fund's prospectus for a more detailed description of the risks of investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.


Performance Information

The Fund does not have a full calendar year of performance. Thus, no bar chart or Average Annual Total Returns table is included for the Fund. Once the Fund commences operations, performance will be updated daily and quarterly and may be obtained at www.pimco.com.

Investment Adviser/Portfolio Manager

PIMCO serves as the investment adviser for the Fund. Gurtin Municipal Bond Management serves as the Fund's sub-adviser. The Fund's portfolio is managed by [__].

Other Important Information Regarding Fund Shares


For important information about purchase and sale of Fund shares, tax information, and payments to broker-dealers and other financial intermediaries, please turn to the "Summary of Other Important Information Regarding Fund Shares" section on page [ ] of this prospectus.