Pioneer Global Multisector Income Fund
<head_breaker>

Fund summary

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
A high level of current income.


FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE FUND
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold
shares of the fund.


You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you or your family invest, or
agree to invest in the future, at least $100,000 in Class A shares of the
Pioneer funds. More information about these and other discounts is available
from your investment professional and in the "Sales charges" section of the
prospectus beginning on page 58, the "Intermediary defined sales charge waiver
policies" section of the prospectus beginning on page 96, and the "Sales
charges" section of the statement of additional information beginning on page
65.




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SHAREOWNER FEES
(fees paid directly from your investment)        CLASS A   CLASS C   CLASS K   CLASS T   CLASS Y
-----------------------------------------------  --------- --------- --------- --------- --------
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Maximum sales charge (load) when you buy
shares (as a percentage of offering price)         4.50%      None        None   2.50%       None
-----------------------------------------------   ------   --------- ---------    ----   --------
Maximum deferred sales charge (load) (as a
percentage of offering price or the amount you
receive when you sell shares, whichever
is less)                                         None/1/        1%        None    None       None
-----------------------------------------------  ------    --------- ---------    ----   --------
</TABLE>





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ANNUAL FUND OPERATING EXPENSES
(expenses that you pay each year
as a percentage of the value of your investment)    CLASS A   CLASS C   CLASS K   CLASS T   CLASS Y
--------------------------------------------------  --------- --------- --------- --------- --------
<S>                                                 <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Management Fees                                       0.50%     0.50%     0.50%     0.50%     0.50%
--------------------------------------------------    -----     -----     -----     -----     -----
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees                 0.25%     1.00%     0.00%     0.25%     0.00%
--------------------------------------------------    -----     -----     -----     -----     -----
Other Expenses/2/                                     1.41%     0.74%     0.68%     1.41%     0.70%
--------------------------------------------------    -----     -----     -----     -----     -----
Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses/3/                    0.04%     0.04%     0.04%     0.04%     0.04%
--------------------------------------------------    -----     -----     -----     -----     -----
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses Plus
Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses/3/                    2.20%     2.28%     1.22%     2.20%     1.24%
--------------------------------------------------    -----     -----     -----     -----     -----
Less: Fee Waiver and Expense Reimbursement/4/        -1.16%    -0.34%    -0.43%    -1.16%    -0.45%
--------------------------------------------------    -----     -----     -----     -----     -----
Net Expenses Plus Acquired Fund Fees and
Expenses/4/                                           1.04%     1.94%     0.79%     1.04%     0.79%
----------                                            -----     -----     -----     -----     -----
</TABLE>


1   Class A purchases of $500,000 or more that are not subject to an initial
    sales charge may be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge of 1%.
    See "Sales charges."


2   Other Expenses for Class K and Class T shares are based on estimated
    amounts for the current fiscal year.



                                       1
<PAGE>

Fund summary

3   Total annual fund operating expenses in the table, before and after fee
    waiver and expense reimbursements, may be higher than the corresponding
    ratio of expenses to average net assets shown in the "Financial
    Highlights" section which does not include acquired fund fees and
    expenses.


4   The fund's investment adviser has contractually agreed to limit ordinary
    operating expenses (ordinary operating expenses means all fund expenses
    other than taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses,
    and extraordinary expenses, such as litigation) to the extent required to
    reduce fund expenses to 1.00%, 1.90%, 0.75%, 1.00% and 0.75% of the
    average daily net assets attributable to Class A, Class C, Class K, Class
    T and Class Y shares, respectively. These expense limitations are in
    effect through March 1, 2019 There can be no assurance that the adviser
    will extend the expense limitations beyond such time. Net expenses for a
    Class may exceed the applicable expense limitation to the extent that the
    fund incurs excluded expenses. While in effect, the arrangement may be
    terminated for a class only by agreement of the adviser and the Board of
    Trustees.



EXAMPLE
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the fund
with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you
invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods shown and then, except as
indicated, redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. It also
assumes that (a) your investment has a 5% return each year and (b) the fund's
total annual operating expenses remain the same except for year one (which
considers the effect of the expense limitation). Although your actual costs may
be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  IF YOU REDEEM YOUR SHARES              IF YOU DO NOT REDEEM YOUR SHARES
           ----------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
                                  NUMBER OF YEARS YOU OWN YOUR SHARES
           ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 1          3          5         10        1          3          5         10
           -------  ---------  ---------  ---------  -------  ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>        <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>
Class A    $551     $1,000     $1,475     $2,783     $551     $1,000     $1,475     $2,783
---------  ----     ------     ------     ------     ----     ------     ------     ------
Class C     297        680      1,189      2,589      197        680      1,189      2,589
---------  ----     ------     ------     ------     ----     ------     ------     ------
Class K      81        345        629      1,439       81        345        629      1,439
---------  ----     ------     ------     ------     ----     ------     ------     ------
Class T     353        812      1,297      2,632      353        812      1,297      2,632
---------  ----     ------     ------     ------     ----     ------     ------     ------
Class Y      81        349        638      1,460       81        349        638      1,460
---------  ----     ------     ------     ------     ----     ------     ------     ------
</TABLE>


PORTFOLIO TURNOVER
The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells
securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate
may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes


                                       2
<PAGE>


when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not
reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the
fund's performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio
turnover rate was 70% of the average value of its portfolio.



PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
Normally, the fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of
borrowings, if any, for investment purposes) in debt securities of issuers
located throughout the world, including corporate and government issuers.
Derivative instruments that provide exposure to such securities or have similar
economic characteristics may be used to satisfy the fund's 80% policy. The fund
will allocate its assets among various regions and countries, including the
United States (but in no less than three different countries). Normally, the
fund invests at least 40% of its net assets (plus the amount of borrowings, if
any, for investment purposes) in issuers located outside of the United States,
including emerging market issuers. The fund has the flexibility to invest in a
broad range of issuers and segments of the debt securities markets, including:
o Below investment grade (high yield or "junk bond") securities of U.S. and
  non-U.S. issuers
o Investment grade securities of U.S. and non-U.S. issuers

The adviser's allocations among the segments of the debt markets depend upon
its outlook for economic, interest rate and political trends. At any given
time, the fund may have a substantial amount of its assets in any one of such
segments.

The fund may invest up to 70% of its net assets in debt securities rated below
investment grade or, if unrated, of equivalent credit quality as determined by
the adviser. Up to 20% of the fund's net assets may be invested in debt
securities rated below CCC by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC or the
equivalent by another nationally recognized statistical rating organization or
determined to be of equivalent credit quality by the adviser. The fund's
investment in debt securities rated below investment grade may include debt
securities rated "D" or better, or comparable unrated securities. Debt
securities rated "D" are in default.

The fund may invest a portion of its assets in mortgage-related securities,
including "sub-prime" mortgages, and asset-backed securities. Mortgage-backed
securities represent interests in pools of mortgage loans assembled for sale to
investors by various U.S. governmental agencies,


                                       3
<PAGE>

Fund summary

government-related organizations and private issuers. The fund also may invest
a portion of its assets in subordinated debt securities, event-linked bonds and
other insurance-linked securities, municipal securities, and convertible and
preferred equity securities.

The fund may invest in securities with a broad range of maturities and
maintains an average portfolio maturity which varies based upon the judgment of
the adviser. The fund's investments may have fixed or variable principal
payments and all types of interest rate payment and reset terms, including
fixed rate, floating rate, inverse floating rate, zero coupon, contingent,
deferred and payment in kind and auction rate features. The fund's investments
may include instruments that allow for balloon payments or negative
amortization payments.

In addition to investing in securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies, the
fund may hold non-U.S. currencies and may take long or short positions with
respect to a particular currency through a derivative position, such as a
forward currency exchange contract in a non-U.S. currency. The fund may
purchase and sell forward currency exchange contracts in non-U.S. currencies.
The fund's currency and currency-related investments may be used to adjust
overall currency exposures, including as a means of seeking incremental return,
which may be considered a speculative technique.

The adviser considers both broad economic and issuer specific factors in
selecting a portfolio designed to achieve the fund's investment objective. In
assessing the appropriate maturity, rating, sector and country weighting of the
fund's portfolio, the adviser considers a variety of factors that are expected
to influence economic activity and interest rates. These factors include
fundamental economic indicators, such as the rates of economic growth and
inflation, global monetary policy and the relative value of global currencies.
Once the adviser determines the preferable portfolio characteristics, the
adviser selects individual securities based upon the terms of the securities
(such as yields compared to U.S. Treasuries or comparable issues), liquidity
and rating, country, sector and issuer diversification. The adviser also
employs fundamental research and due diligence to assess an issuer's credit
quality, taking into account financial condition and profitability, future
capital needs, potential for change in rating, industry outlook, the
competitive environment and management capabilities. The adviser actively
manages the fund's currency exposures based on its analysis of the relative
value of currencies, considering such factors as the global macroeconomic
environment,


                                       4
<PAGE>

global monetary policy and geopolitical factors. In making these portfolio
decisions, the adviser relies on the knowledge, experience and judgment of its
staff and the staff of its affiliates who have access to a wide variety of
research.

The fund may, but is not required to, use derivatives. The fund may enter into
credit default swaps, which can be used to acquire or to transfer the credit
risk of a security or index of securities without buying or selling the
security or securities comprising the relevant index. The fund also may use
other derivatives, such as futures and options on securities, indices and
currencies, forward foreign currency exchange contracts, swaps, and bond and
interest rate futures. The fund may use derivatives for a variety of purposes,
including: in an attempt to hedge against adverse changes in the market prices
of securities, interest rates or currency exchange rates; as a substitute for
purchasing or selling securities; to attempt to increase the fund's return as a
non-hedging strategy that may be considered speculative; to manage portfolio
characteristics; and as a cash flow management technique. The fund may choose
not to make use of derivatives for a variety of reasons, and any use may be
limited by applicable law and regulations. The fund also may hold cash or other
short-term investments.


PRINCIPAL RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND
You could lose money on your investment in the fund. As with any mutual fund,
there is no guarantee that the fund will achieve its objective.


MARKET RISK. The value of securities held by the fund may go up or down,
sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, due to general market conditions, such as
real or perceived adverse economic, political, or regulatory conditions,
inflation, changes in interest or currency rates, lack of liquidity in the bond
markets or adverse investor sentiment. In the past decade, financial markets
throughout the world have experienced increased volatility, depressed
valuations, decreased liquidity and heightened uncertainty. Governmental and
non-governmental issuers have defaulted on, or been forced to restructure,
their debts. These conditions may continue, recur, worsen or spread. Events
that have contributed to these market conditions include, but are not limited
to, major cybersecurity events; geopolitical events (including wars and terror
attacks); measures to address budget deficits; downgrading of sovereign debt;
declines in oil and commodity prices; dramatic changes in currency exchange
rates; and public sentiment. The U.S. government and the Federal Reserve, as
well as certain foreign governments and their central banks, have taken steps
to support financial markets, including by keeping interest



                                       5
<PAGE>

Fund summary


rates at historically low levels. This and other government intervention may
not work as intended, particularly if the efforts are perceived by investors as
being unlikely to achieve the desired results. The Federal Reserve has reduced
its market support activities and has begun raising interest rates. Certain
foreign governments and central banks are implementing or discussing so-called
negative interest rates (e.g., charging depositors who keep their cash at a
bank) to spur economic growth. Further Federal Reserve or other U.S. or
non-U.S. governmental or central bank actions, including interest rate
increases or contrary actions by different governments, could negatively affect
financial markets generally, increase market volatility and reduce the value
and liquidity of securities in which the fund invests. Policy and legislative
changes in the U.S. and in other countries are affecting many aspects of
financial regulation, and may in some instances contribute to decreased
liquidity and increased volatility in the financial markets. The impact of
these changes on the markets, and the practical implications for market
participants, may not be fully known for some time. Economies and financial
markets throughout the world are increasingly interconnected. Economic,
financial or political events, trading and tariff arrangements, terrorism,
natural disasters and other circumstances in one country or region could have
profound impacts on global economies or markets. As a result, whether or not
the fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant
exposure to the countries directly affected, the value and liquidity of the
fund's investments may be negatively affected. The fund may experience a
substantial or complete loss on any individual security or derivative position.


RISKS OF NON-U.S. INVESTMENTS. Investing in non-U.S. issuers, or in U.S.
issuers that have significant exposure to foreign markets, may involve unique
risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. These risks are more
pronounced for issuers in emerging markets or to the extent that the fund
invests significantly in one region or country. These risks may include
different financial reporting practices and regulatory standards, less liquid
trading markets, extreme price volatility, currency risks, changes in economic,
political, regulatory and social conditions, terrorism, sustained economic
downturns, financial instability, tax burdens, and investment and repatriation
restrictions. Lack of information and less market regulation also may affect
the value of these securities. Withholding and other non-U.S. taxes may
decrease the fund's return. Non-U.S. issuers may be located in parts of the
world that have historically been prone to natural disasters. Investing in
depositary receipts is subject to many of the same risks as investing directly
in non-U.S. issuers. Depositary receipts may involve higher


                                       6
<PAGE>

expenses and may trade at a discount (or premium) to the underlying security. A
number of countries in the European Union (EU) have experienced, and may
continue to experience, severe economic and financial difficulties. In
addition, voters in the United Kingdom have approved withdrawal from the EU.
Other countries may seek to withdraw from the EU and/or abandon the euro, the
common currency of the EU. If one or more stockholders of a supranational
entity such as the World Bank fail to make necessary additional capital
contributions, the entity may be unable to pay interest or repay principal on
its debt securities.

CURRENCY RISK. The fund could experience losses based on changes in the
exchange rate between non-U.S. currencies and the U.S. dollar or as a result of
currency conversion costs. Currency exchange rates can be volatile, and are
affected by factors such as general economic conditions, the actions of the
U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, the imposition of currency
controls and speculation.

SOVEREIGN DEBT RISK. A governmental entity may delay, refuse or be unable to
pay interest or principal on its sovereign debt due to cash flow problems,
insufficient foreign currency reserves, political considerations, the relative
size of the governmental entity's debt position in relation to the economy or
the failure to put in place economic reforms. There may be no legal or
bankruptcy process for collecting sovereign debt. Emerging markets countries
tend to have economic, political and legal systems that are less fully
developed and are less stable than those of more advanced countries.


INTEREST RATE RISK. Interest rates may go up, causing the value of the fund's
investments to decline (this risk generally will be greater for securities with
longer maturities or durations). For example, if interest rates increase by 1%,
the value of a fund's portfolio with a portfolio duration of ten years would be
expected to decrease by 10%, all other things being equal. Interest rates in
the U.S. recently have been historically low, so the fund faces a heightened
risk that interest rates may continue to rise. A general rise in interest rates
could adversely affect the price and liquidity of fixed income securities and
could also result in increased redemptions from the fund. The maturity of a
security may be significantly longer than its effective duration. A security's
maturity and other features may be more relevant than its effective duration in
determining the security's sensitivity to other factors affecting the issuer or
markets generally such as changes in credit quality or in the yield premium
that the market may establish for certain types of securities.



                                       7
<PAGE>

Fund summary

Rising interest rates can lead to increased default rates, as issuers of
floating rate securities find themselves faced with higher payments. Unlike
fixed rate securities, floating rate securities generally will not increase in
value if interest rates decline. Changes in interest rates also will affect the
amount of interest income the fund earns on its floating rate investments.

CREDIT RISK. If an issuer or guarantor of a security held by the fund or a
counterparty to a financial contract with the fund defaults on its obligation
to pay principal and/or interest, has its credit rating downgraded or is
perceived to be less creditworthy, or the credit quality or value of any
underlying assets declines, the value of your investment will typically
decline.

HIGH YIELD OR "JUNK" BOND RISK. Debt securities that are below investment
grade, called "junk bonds," are speculative, have a higher risk of default or
are already in default, tend to be less liquid and are more difficult to value
than higher grade securities. Junk bonds tend to be volatile and more
susceptible to adverse events and negative sentiments. These risks are more
pronounced for securities that are already in default.

PREPAYMENT OR CALL RISK. Many issuers have a right to prepay their securities.
If interest rates fall, an issuer may exercise this right. If this happens, the
fund will not benefit from the rise in market price that normally accompanies a
decline in interest rates, and will be forced to reinvest prepayment proceeds
at a time when yields on securities available in the market are lower than the
yield on the prepaid security. The fund also may lose any premium it paid on
the security.

EXTENSION RISK. During periods of rising interest rates, the average life of
certain types of securities may be extended because of slower than expected
principal payments. This may lock in a below market interest rate, increase the
security's duration and reduce the value of the security.


LIQUIDITY RISK. Some securities and derivatives held by the fund may be
impossible or difficult to purchase, sell or unwind, particularly during times
of market turmoil. An instrument's liquidity may be affected by reduced trading
volume, a relative lack of market makers or legal restrictions, and illiquid
securities and derivatives also may be difficult to value. Liquidity risk may
be magnified in a rising interest rate environment. If the fund is forced to
sell an illiquid asset or unwind a derivative position to meet redemption
requests or other cash needs, the fund may be forced to sell at a loss. The
fund may not receive its proceeds from the sale of certain



                                       8
<PAGE>

securities for an extended period (for example, several weeks or even longer).
In extreme cases, this may constrain the fund's ability to meet its obligations
(including obligations to redeeming shareholders).

PORTFOLIO SELECTION RISK. The adviser's judgment about the quality, relative
yield, relative value or market trends affecting a particular sector or region,
market segment, security or about interest rates generally may prove to be
incorrect.

MORTGAGE-RELATED AND ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES RISK. The value of
mortgage-related and asset-backed securities will be influenced by factors
affecting the housing market and the assets underlying such securities. As a
result, during periods of declining asset value, difficult or frozen credit
markets, swings in interest rates, or deteriorating economic conditions,
mortgage-related and asset-backed securities may decline in value, face
valuation difficulties, become more volatile and/or become illiquid.
Mortgage-backed securities tend to be more sensitive to changes in interest
rate than other types of debt securities. These securities are also subject to
prepayment and extension risks. Some of these securities may receive little or
no collateral protection from the underlying assets and are thus subject to the
risk of default. The risk of such defaults is generally higher in the case of
mortgage-backed investments that include so-called "sub-prime" mortgages. The
structure of some of these securities may be complex and there may be less
available information than for other types of debt securities. Upon the
occurrence of certain triggering events or defaults, the fund may become the
holder of underlying assets at a time when those assets may be difficult to
sell or may be sold only at a loss.

RISKS OF INSTRUMENTS THAT ALLOW FOR BALLOON PAYMENTS OR NEGATIVE AMORTIZATION
PAYMENTS. Certain debt instruments allow for balloon payments or negative
amortization payments. Such instruments permit the borrower to avoid paying
currently a portion of the interest accruing on the instrument. While these
features make the debt instrument more affordable to the borrower in the near
term, they increase the risk that the borrower will be unable to make the
resulting higher payment or payments that become due at the maturity of the
loan.

RISKS OF INVESTING IN FLOATING RATE LOANS. Floating rate loans and similar
investments may be illiquid or less liquid than other investments and difficult
to value. The value of collateral, if any, securing a floating rate loan can
decline or may be insufficient to meet the issuer's obligations or may be
difficult to liquidate. Market quotations for these securities may be volatile


                                       9
<PAGE>

Fund summary

and/or subject to large spreads between bid and ask prices. No active trading
market may exist for many floating rate loans, and many loans are subject to
restrictions on resale. Any secondary market may be subject to irregular
trading activity and extended trade settlement periods. In particular, loans
may take longer than seven days to settle, potentially leading to the sale
proceeds of loans not being available to meet redemptions for a substantial
period of time after the sale of the loans. To the extent that sale proceeds of
loans are not available, the fund may sell securities that have shorter
settlement periods or may access other sources of liquidity to meet redemption
requests. Loans may not be considered "securities," and purchasers, such as the
fund, therefore may not be entitled to rely on the anti-fraud protections
afforded by federal securities laws.

RISKS OF INVESTING IN INSURANCE-LINKED SECURITIES. The return of principal and
the payment of interest on "event-linked" bonds and other insurance-linked
securities are contingent on the non-occurrence of a pre-defined "trigger"
event, such as a hurricane or an earthquake of a specific magnitude or other
event that leads to physical or economic loss. If a trigger event, as defined
within the terms of an event-linked bond, involves losses or other metrics
exceeding a specific magnitude in the geographic region and time period
specified, the fund may lose a portion or all of its accrued interest and/or
principal invested in the event-linked bond. In addition to the specified
trigger events, event-linked bonds may expose the fund to other risks,
including but not limited to issuer (credit) default, adverse regulatory or
jurisdictional interpretations and adverse tax consequences. Certain
insurance-linked securities may have limited liquidity, or may be illiquid. The
fund has limited transparency into the individual contracts underlying certain
insurance-linked securities, which may make the risk assessment of such
securities more difficult. Certain insurance-linked securities may be difficult
to value.

RISKS OF SUBORDINATED SECURITIES. A holder of securities that are subordinated
or "junior" to more senior securities of an issuer is entitled to payment after
holders of more senior securities of the issuer. Subordinated securities are
more likely to suffer a credit loss than non-subordinated securities of the
same issuer, any loss incurred by the subordinated securities is likely to be
proportionately greater, and any recovery of interest or principal may take
more time. As a result, even a perceived decline in creditworthiness of the
issuer is likely to have a greater impact on subordinated securities.


                                       10
<PAGE>

U.S. TREASURY OBLIGATIONS RISK. The market value of direct obligations of the
U.S. Treasury may vary due to changes in interest rates. In addition, changes
to the financial condition or credit rating of the U.S. government may cause
the value of the fund's investments in obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury
to decline.

U.S. GOVERNMENT AGENCY OBLIGATIONS RISK. The fund invests in obligations issued
by agencies and instrumentalities of the U.S. government. Government-sponsored
entities such as FNMA, FHLMC and the FHLBs, although chartered or sponsored by
Congress, are not funded by congressional appropriations and the debt and
mortgage-backed securities issued by them are neither guaranteed nor issued by
the U.S. government. The maximum potential liability of the issuers of some
U.S. government obligations may greatly exceed their current resources,
including any legal right to support from the U.S. government. Such debt and
mortgage-backed securities are subject to the risk of default on the payment of
interest and/or principal, similar to debt of private issuers. Although the
U.S. government has provided financial support to FNMA and FHLMC in the past,
there can be no assurance that it will support these or other
government-sponsored entities in the future.

MUNICIPAL SECURITIES RISK. The municipal bond market can be susceptible to
unusual volatility, particularly for lower-rated and unrated securities.
Liquidity can be reduced unpredictably in response to overall economic
conditions or credit tightening. Municipal issuers may be adversely affected by
rising health care costs, increasing unfunded pension liabilities, and by the
phasing out of federal programs providing financial support. Unfavorable
conditions and developments relating to projects financed with municipal
securities can result in lower revenues to issuers of municipal securities,
potentially resulting in defaults. Issuers often depend on revenues from these
projects to make principal and interest payments. The value of municipal
securities can also be adversely affected by changes in the financial condition
of one or more individual municipal issuers or insurers of municipal issuers,
regulatory and political developments, tax law changes or other legislative
actions, and by uncertainties and public perceptions concerning these and other
factors. Municipal issuers may be more susceptible to downgrades or defaults
during recessions or similar periods of economic stress. In recent periods, an
increasing number of municipal issuers in the United States have defaulted on
obligations and commenced insolvency proceedings. Financial difficulties of
municipal issuers may continue or get worse. To the extent the fund invests
significantly in a single state or in securities the


                                       11
<PAGE>

Fund summary

payments on which are dependent upon a single project or source of revenues, or
that relate to a sector or industry, the fund will be more susceptible to
associated risks and developments.

RISKS OF ZERO COUPON BONDS, PAYMENT IN KIND, DEFERRED AND CONTINGENT PAYMENT
SECURITIES. These securities may be more speculative and may fluctuate more in
value than securities which pay income periodically and in cash. In addition,
although the fund receives no periodic cash payments on such securities, the
fund is deemed for tax purposes to receive income from such securities, which
applicable tax rules require the fund to distribute to shareholders. Such
distributions may be taxable when distributed to shareholders.

RISKS OF CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES. The market values of convertible securities
tend to decline as interest rates increase and, conversely, to increase as
interest rates decline. A downturn in equity markets may cause the price of
convertible securities to decrease relative to other fixed income securities.

PREFERRED STOCKS RISK. Preferred stocks may pay fixed or adjustable rates of
return. Preferred stocks are subject to issuer-specific and market risks
applicable generally to equity securities. In addition, a company's preferred
stocks generally pay dividends only after the company makes required payments
to holders of its bonds and other debt. Thus, the value of preferred stocks
will usually react more strongly than bonds and other debt to actual or
perceived changes in the company's financial condition or prospects. The market
value of preferred stocks generally decreases when interest rates rise.
Preferred stocks of smaller companies may be more vulnerable to adverse
developments than preferred stocks of larger companies.

DERIVATIVES RISK. Using swaps, futures and other derivatives can increase fund
losses and reduce opportunities for gains when market prices, interest rates or
the derivative instruments themselves behave in a way not anticipated by the
fund. Using derivatives may increase the volatility of the fund's net asset
value and may not provide the result intended. Derivatives may have a
leveraging effect on the fund. Some derivatives have the potential for
unlimited loss, regardless of the size of the fund's initial investment.
Changes in a derivative's value may not correlate well with the referenced
asset or metric. The fund also may have to sell assets at inopportune times to
satisfy its obligations. Derivatives may be difficult to sell, unwind or value,
and the counterparty may default on its obligations to the fund. Use of
derivatives may have different tax consequences for the fund than an investment
in the underlying security, and such differences may affect the amount, timing


                                       12
<PAGE>


and character of income distributed to shareholders. The U.S. government and
foreign governments are in the process of adopting and implementing regulations
governing derivatives markets, including mandatory clearing of certain
derivatives, margin and reporting requirements. The ultimate impact of the
regulations remains unclear. Additional regulation of derivatives may make them
more costly, limit their availability or utility, otherwise adversely affect
their performance or disrupt markets.


CREDIT DEFAULT SWAP RISK. Credit default swap contracts, a type of derivative
instrument, involve special risks and may result in losses to the fund. Credit
default swaps may in some cases be illiquid, and they increase credit risk
since the fund has exposure to the issuer of the referenced obligation and
either the counterparty to the credit default swap or, if it is a cleared
transaction, the brokerage firm through which the trade was cleared and the
clearing organization that is the counterparty to that trade.

RISKS OF INVESTING IN INVERSE FLOATING RATE OBLIGATIONS. The interest rate on
inverse floating rate obligations will generally decrease as short-term
interest rates increase, and increase as short-term rates decrease. Due to
their leveraged structure, the sensitivity of the market value of an inverse
floating rate obligation to changes in interest rates is generally greater than
a comparable long-term bond issued by the same issuer and with similar credit
quality, redemption and maturity provisions. Inverse floating rate obligations
may be volatile and involve leverage risk.

FORWARD FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS RISK. The fund may not fully benefit from
or may lose money on forward foreign currency transactions if changes in
currency rates do not occur as anticipated or do not correspond accurately to
changes in the value of the fund's holdings, or if the counterparty defaults.
Such transactions may also prevent the fund from realizing profits on favorable
movements in exchange rates. Risk of counterparty default is greater for
counterparties located in emerging markets.

LEVERAGING RISK. The value of your investment may be more volatile and other
risks tend to be compounded if the fund borrows or uses derivatives or other
investments, such as ETFs, that have embedded leverage. Leverage generally
magnifies the effect of any increase or decrease in the value of the fund's
underlying assets and creates a risk of loss of value on a larger pool of
assets than the fund would otherwise have, potentially resulting in the loss of
all assets. Engaging in such transactions may cause the fund to liquidate
positions when it may not be advantageous to do so to satisfy its obligations
or meet segregation requirements.


                                       13
<PAGE>

Fund summary


RISKS OF INVESTMENT IN OTHER FUNDS. Investing in other investment companies,
including exchange-traded funds (ETFs), subjects the fund to the risks of
investing in the underlying securities or assets held by those funds. When
investing in another fund, the fund will bear a pro rata portion of the
underlying fund's expenses, in addition to its own expenses.


REPURCHASE AGREEMENT RISK. In the event that the other party to a repurchase
agreement defaults on its obligations, the fund may encounter delay and incur
costs before being able to sell the security. Such a delay may involve loss of
interest or a decline in price of the security. In addition, if the fund is
characterized by a court as an unsecured creditor, it would be at risk of
losing some or all of the principal and interest involved in the transaction.

MARKET SEGMENT RISK. To the extent the fund emphasizes, from time to time,
investments in a market segment, the fund will be subject to a greater degree
to the risks particular to that segment, and may experience greater market
fluctuation than a fund without the same focus.


Industries in the financial segment, such as banks, insurance companies,
broker-dealers and real estate investment trusts (REITs), may be sensitive to
changes in interest rates and general economic activity and are generally
subject to extensive government regulation.

VALUATION RISK. The sales price the fund could receive for any particular
portfolio investment may differ from the fund's valuation of the investment,
particularly for illiquid securities and securities that trade in thin or
volatile markets or that are valued using a fair value methodology. Investors
who purchase or redeem fund shares on days when the fund is holding fair-valued
securities may receive fewer or more shares or lower or higher redemption
proceeds than they would have received if the fund had not fair-valued the
securities or had used a different valuation methodology. The fund's ability to
value its investments may also be impacted by technological issues and/or
errors by pricing services or other third party service providers.


REDEMPTION RISK. The fund may experience heavy redemptions that could cause the
fund to liquidate its assets at inopportune times or at a loss or depressed
value, which could cause the value of your investment to decline.

EXPENSE RISK. Your actual costs of investing in the fund may be higher than the
expenses shown in "Annual fund operating expenses" for a variety of reasons.
For example, expense ratios may be higher than those shown if overall net
assets decrease. Net assets are more likely to decrease and fund expense ratios
are more likely to increase when markets are volatile.


                                       14
<PAGE>

Please note that there are many other factors that could adversely affect your
investment and that could prevent the fund from achieving its goals.

An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or
guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government
agency.


THE FUND'S PAST PERFORMANCE
The bar chart and table indicate the risks and volatility of an investment in
the fund by showing how the fund has performed in the past. The bar chart shows
changes in the performance of the fund's Class A shares from calendar year to
calendar year. The table shows the average annual total returns for each class
of the fund over time and compares these returns to the returns of the
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Bond Index, a broad-based measure of market
performance that has characteristics relevant to the fund's investment
strategies. You can obtain updated performance information by visiting
https://us.pioneerinvestments.com/performance or by calling 1-800-225-6292.

Effective August 1, 2013, the fund's investment strategies changed. The fund's
past performance would have been different if managed using the current
strategies.

The fund's past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily
indicate how it will perform in the future.

The bar chart does not reflect any sales charge you may pay when you buy fund
shares. If this amount was reflected, returns would be less than those shown.


                                       15
<PAGE>

Fund summary

ANNUAL RETURN CLASS A SHARES (%)
(Year ended December 31)
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]











<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
'08      '09     '10    '11    '12    '13     '14    '15     '16    '17
<S>      <C>     <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>
  1.51   12.97   5.77   4.33   8.20   -2.15   3.39   -1.62   4.80   6.99
</TABLE>






For the period covered by the bar chart:
THE HIGHEST CALENDAR QUARTERLY RETURN WAS 8.34% (04/01/2009 TO 06/30/2009).
THE LOWEST CALENDAR QUARTERLY RETURN WAS -3.66% (04/01/2013 TO 06/30/2013).



No performance information is presented for Class K and Class T shares in the
table below because Class K and Class T shares do not have annual returns for
at least one calendar year. The returns for Class K and Class T shares would
differ from those of other classes of shares because they have different
expenses.


                                       16
<PAGE>

AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN (%)

(for periods ended December 31, 2017)




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               SINCE   INCEPTION
                                          1 YEAR    5 YEARS    10 YEARS    INCEPTION        DATE
                                        --------  ---------  ----------  -----------  ----------
<S>                                     <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>
Class A                                                                                12/27/07
--------------------------------------  ----      -----      ----        ----          --------
Return before taxes                       2.14       1.28        3.85         3.80
--------------------------------------    ----    -------        ----         ----    --------
Return after taxes on distributions       0.92      -0.06        2.56         2.51
--------------------------------------    ----    -------        ----         ----    --------
Return after taxes on distributions
and sale of shares                        1.20       0.38        2.47         2.42
--------------------------------------    ----    -------        ----         ----    --------
Class C                                   6.20       1.34        3.46         3.41     12/27/07
--------------------------------------    ----    -------        ----         ----     --------
Class Y                                   7.41       2.50        4.59         4.53     12/27/07
--------------------------------------    ----    -------        ----         ----     --------
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate
Bond Index (reflects no deduction for
fees, expenses or taxes)                  7.39       0.79        3.09         3.19     12/27/07
--------------------------------------    ----    -------        ----         ----     --------
</TABLE>


After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual
federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and
local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on the investor's tax situation
and may differ from those shown. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant
to investors who hold fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements such as
401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.


After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for
Class C, Class K, Class T and Class Y shares will vary.



MANAGEMENT



<TABLE>
<S>                    <C>
INVESTMENT ADVISER     Amundi Pioneer Asset Management, Inc.
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT   Kenneth J. Taubes, Executive Vice President
                       and Chief Investment Officer, U.S. of Amundi
                       Pioneer (portfolio manager of the fund since
                       2013); Andrew Feltus, Managing Director and
                       Co-Director of High Yield of Amundi Pioneer
                       (portfolio manager of the fund since 2013);
                       Charles Melchreit, Senior Managing Director
                       and Deputy Head of Fixed Income, U.S. of
                       Amundi Pioneer (portfolio manager of the fund
                       since 2007); and Paresh Upadhyaya, Senior
                       Vice President and Director of Currency
                       Strategy, U.S of Amundi Pioneer (portfolio
                       manager of the fund since 2013)
</TABLE>


                                      17
<PAGE>

Fund summary

PURCHASE AND SALE OF FUND SHARES
You may purchase, exchange or sell (redeem) shares each day the New York Stock
Exchange is open through your financial intermediary or, for accounts held
directly with the fund, by contacting the fund in writing or by telephone:
Pioneer Funds, P.O. Box 55014, Boston, MA 02205-5014, tel. 1-800-225-6292.


Your initial investment for Class A, Class C or Class T shares must be at least
$1,000. Additional investments must be at least $100 for Class A and Class T
shares and $500 for Class C shares. The initial investment for Class K shares
and Class Y shares must be at least $5 million. This amount may be invested in
one or more of the Pioneer mutual funds that currently offer Class K shares or
Class Y shares, as applicable. There is no minimum additional investment amount
for Class K or Class Y shares.



TAX INFORMATION
The fund intends to make distributions that may be taxed as ordinary income,
qualified dividend income, or capital gains.


PAYMENTS TO BROKER-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase the fund through a broker-dealer or other financial
intermediary (such as a bank), the fund and its related companies may pay the
intermediary for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments
create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other
intermediary and your salesperson or investment professional to recommend the
fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or investment professional
or visit your financial intermediary's website for more information.