Pioneer Dynamic Credit Fund
<head_breaker>

Fund summary

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES
A high level of current income. Capital appreciation is a secondary objective.


FEES AND EXPENSES OF THE FUND
This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold
shares of the fund.


You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you or your family invest, or
agree to invest in the future, at least $100,000 in Class A shares of the
Pioneer funds. More information about these and other discounts is available
from your investment professional and in the "Sales charges" section of the
prospectus beginning on page 65, the "Intermediary defined sales charge waiver
policies" section of the prospectus beginning on page 103, and the "Sales
charges" section of the statement of additional information beginning on page
66. If you invest in Class K shares or Class Y shares through an investment
professional or financial intermediary, that investment professional or
financial intermediary may charge you a commission. Such commissions, if any,
are not charged by the fund and are not reflected in the fee table or expense
example below.




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SHAREOWNER FEES
(fees paid directly from your investment)                   CLASS A   CLASS C   CLASS K   CLASS Y
----------------------------------------------------------  --------- --------- --------- --------
<S>                                                         <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Maximum sales charge (load) when you buy shares (as a
percentage of offering price)                                 4.50%      None        None     None
----------------------------------------------------------   ------   --------- --------- --------
Maximum deferred sales charge (load) (as a percentage
of offering price or the amount you receive when you sell
shares, whichever
is less)                                                    None/1/        1%        None     None
----------------------------------------------------------  ------    --------- --------- --------
</TABLE>





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ANNUAL FUND OPERATING EXPENSES
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the
value of your investment)                                 CLASS A   CLASS C   CLASS K   CLASS Y
--------------------------------------------------------  --------- --------- --------- --------
<S>                                                       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Management Fees                                             0.70%     0.70%     0.70%     0.70%
--------------------------------------------------------     ----      ----      ----     -----
Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees                       0.25%     1.00%     0.00%     0.00%
--------------------------------------------------------     ----      ----      ----     -----
Other Expenses/2/                                           0.24%     0.25%     0.17%     0.25%
--------------------------------------------------------     ----      ----      ----     -----
Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses/3/                          0.06%     0.06%     0.06%     0.06%
--------------------------------------------------------     ----      ----      ----     -----
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses, Plus Acquired
Fund Fees and Expenses/3/                                   1.25%     2.01%     0.93%     1.01%
--------------------------------------------------------     ----      ----      ----     -----
Less: Fee Waiver and Expense Reimbursement/4/               0.00%     0.00%     0.00%    -0.10%
--------------------------------------------------------     ----      ----      ----     -----
Net Expenses Plus Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses/4/        1.25%     2.01%     0.93%     0.91%
--------------------------------------------------------     ----      ----      ----     -----
</TABLE>


                                       1
<PAGE>

Fund summary

1   Class A purchases of $500,000 or more that are not subject to an initial
    sales charge may be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge of 1%.
    See "Sales charges."


2   Other expenses for Class K shares are based on estimated amounts for the
    current fiscal year.

3   Total annual fund operating expenses in the table, before and after fee
    waiver and expense reimbursement, may be higher than the corresponding
    ratio of expenses to average net assets shown in the "Financial
    Highlights" section, which does not include acquired fund fees and
    expenses.

4   The fund's investment adviser has contractually agreed to limit ordinary
    operating expenses (ordinary operating expenses means all fund expenses
    other than taxes, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses
    and extraordinary expenses, such as litigation) to the extent required to
    reduce fund expenses to 0.85% of the average daily net assets attributable
    to Class Y shares. This expense limitation is in effect through August 1,
    2019. There can be no assurance that the adviser will extend the expense
    limitation beyond such time. While in effect, the arrangement may be
    terminated for a class only by agreement of the adviser and the Board of
    Trustees.



EXAMPLE
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the fund
with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you
invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods shown and then, except as
indicated, redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods. It also
assumes that (a) your investment has a 5% return each year and (b) the fund's
total annual operating expenses remain the same except for year one (which
considers the effect of the expense limitation). Although your actual costs may
be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 IF YOU REDEEM YOUR SHARES            IF YOU DO NOT REDEEM YOUR SHARES
           --------------------------------------  --------------------------------------
                                NUMBER OF YEARS YOU OWN YOUR SHARES
           ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 1        3          5         10        1        3          5         10
           -------  -------  ---------  ---------  -------  -------  ---------  ---------
<S>        <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>
Class A    $572     $829     $1,105     $1,893     $572     $829     $1,105     $1,893
---------  ----     ----     ------     ------     ----     ----     ------     ------
Class C     304      630      1,083      2,338      204      630      1,083      2,338
---------  ----     ----     ------     ------     ----     ----     ------     ------
Class K      95      296        515      1,143       95      296        515      1,143
---------  ----     ----     ------     ------     ----     ----     ------     ------
Class Y      93      312        548      1,227       93      312        548      1,227
---------  ----     ----     ------     ------     ----     ----     ------     ------
</TABLE>


                                       2
<PAGE>

PORTFOLIO TURNOVER

The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells
securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate
may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund
shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in
annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund's
performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio turnover
rate was 76% of the average value of its portfolio.



PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
The fund selects investments from a broad spectrum of debt securities. The fund
is managed using a benchmark unconstrained approach, which means that it is not
managed relative to an index. Accordingly, the fund does not seek to generate
returns consistent with broader financial market movements, instead seeking to
generate positive total returns over the course of different market
environments. Total return is a combination of current income and capital
appreciation. The fund also may use derivatives for a variety of hedging and
non-hedging purposes.

Normally, the fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of
borrowings, if any, for investment purposes) in debt securities. For purposes
of satisfying the 80% requirement, the fund may invest in derivative
instruments that provide exposure to such debt securities or have similar
economic characteristics. The fund has the flexibility to invest in a broad
range of issuers and segments of the debt securities markets. The adviser
allocates the fund's debt securities among different instruments and segments
of the debt markets, based on its outlook for economic, interest rate and
political trends. Debt securities may include instruments and obligations of
U.S. and non-U.S. corporate and other non-governmental entities, those of U.S.
and non-U.S. governmental entities, mortgage-related or mortgage-backed
securities (including "sub-prime" mortgages), asset-backed securities, floating
rate loans, convertible securities, preferred securities, Treasury Inflation
Protected Securities ("TIPS") and other inflation-linked debt securities,
subordinated debt securities, event-linked bonds and other insurance-linked
securities, municipal bonds and funds that invest primarily in debt securities.
The fund may invest without limit in debt securities of any credit quality,
including those rated below investment grade (known as "junk bonds") or, if
unrated, of equivalent credit quality as determined by the fund's investment


                                       3
<PAGE>

Fund summary

adviser. The fund's investments in debt securities rated below investment grade
may include securities that are in default. The fund may invest in securities
of issuers located in emerging markets.

The fund invests in securities with a broad range of maturities and maintains
an average portfolio maturity that varies based upon the judgment of the
adviser. The fund's investments may have fixed or variable principal payments
and all types of interest rate payment and reset terms, including fixed rate,
adjustable rate, floating rate, zero coupon, contingent, deferred, payment in
kind and auction rate features. The fund's investments may include instruments
that allow for balloon payments or negative amortization payments.

The fund may invest in equity securities as a consequence of holding debt of
the same issuer or when the adviser believes the securities offer the potential
for capital gains or other portfolio management purposes, although equity
securities may not pay dividends or contribute to achieving the fund's primary
investment objective of a high level of current income.

The adviser considers both broad economic and issuer specific factors in
selecting a portfolio designed to achieve the fund's investment objectives. In
assessing the appropriate maturity, rating, sector and country weightings of
the fund's portfolio, the adviser considers a variety of factors that are
expected to influence economic activity and interest rates. These factors
include fundamental economic indicators, such as the rates of economic growth
and inflation, Federal Reserve and other global monetary policies and the
relative value of the U.S. dollar compared to other currencies. Once the
adviser determines the preferable portfolio characteristics, the adviser
selects individual securities based upon the terms of the securities (such as
yields compared to U.S. Treasuries or comparable issuers), liquidity and
rating, country, sector and issuer diversification. The adviser also employs
fundamental quantitative and qualitative research to assess an issuer's credit
quality, taking into account financial condition and profitability, future
capital needs, potential for change in rating, industry outlook, the
competitive environment and management capabilities. In selecting among market
segments and instruments, the adviser considers the relative value of
particular investments. The adviser may sell a portfolio security when it
believes the security no longer will contribute to meeting the fund's
investment objectives. The adviser makes that determination based on the same
criteria it uses to select portfolio securities. In making these portfolio
decisions, the adviser relies on the knowledge, experience and judgment of its
staff and the staff of its affiliates who have access to a wide variety of
research.


                                       4
<PAGE>

In addition to seeking to manage portfolio risk through conventional means,
including through in-depth credit analysis and diversification, the adviser
employs derivative strategies designed to limit the effects of severe market
events. Derivatives in which the fund may invest for this purpose include
credit default swaps, futures and options, and swaps.

The fund also may use derivatives for a variety of other purposes, including:
in an attempt to hedge against adverse changes in the market price of
securities, interest rates or currency exchange rates; as a substitute for
purchasing or selling securities; to attempt to increase the fund's return as a
non-hedging strategy that may be considered speculative; to manage portfolio
characteristics; and as a cash flow management technique. The fund may
establish, through derivatives, net short positions for individual sectors,
markets, currencies or securities, or as a means of adjusting the fund's
portfolio duration or other portfolio characteristics. The fund may invest
without limit in derivative instruments. The fund may choose not to make use of
derivatives for a variety of reasons, and any use may be limited by applicable
law and regulations. The fund also may hold cash or other short-term
investments.


PRINCIPAL RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND
You could lose money on your investment in the fund. As with any mutual fund,
there is no guarantee that the fund will achieve its objectives.


MARKET RISK. The value of securities held by the fund may go up or down,
sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, due to general market conditions, such as
real or perceived adverse economic, political, or regulatory conditions,
inflation, changes in interest or currency rates, lack of liquidity in the bond
markets or adverse investor sentiment. In the past decade, financial markets
throughout the world have experienced increased volatility, depressed
valuations, decreased liquidity and heightened uncertainty. Governmental and
non-governmental issuers have defaulted on, or been forced to restructure,
their debts. These conditions may continue, recur, worsen or spread. Events
that have contributed to these market conditions include, but are not limited
to, major cybersecurity events; geopolitical events (including wars and terror
attacks); measures to address budget deficits; downgrading of sovereign debt;
declines in oil and commodity prices; dramatic changes in currency exchange
rates; and public sentiment. The U.S. government and the Federal Reserve, as
well as certain foreign governments and their central banks, have taken steps
to support financial markets, including by keeping interest rates at
historically low levels. This and other government intervention may



                                       5
<PAGE>

Fund summary


not work as intended, particularly if the efforts are perceived by investors as
being unlikely to achieve the desired results. The Federal Reserve has reduced
its market support activities and has begun raising interest rates. Certain
foreign governments and central banks are implementing so-called negative
interest rates (e.g., charging depositors who keep their cash at a bank) to
spur economic growth. Further Federal Reserve or other U.S. or non-U.S.
governmental or central bank actions, including interest rate increases or
contrary actions by different governments, could negatively affect financial
markets generally, increase market volatility and reduce the value and
liquidity of securities in which the fund invests. Policy and legislative
changes in the U.S. and in other countries are affecting many aspects of
financial regulation, and may in some instances contribute to decreased
liquidity and increased volatility in the financial markets. The impact of
these changes on the markets, and the practical implications for market
participants, may not be fully known for some time. Economies and financial
markets throughout the world are increasingly interconnected. Economic,
financial or political events, trading and tariff arrangements, terrorism,
natural disasters and other circumstances in one country or region could have
profound impacts on global economies or markets. As a result, whether or not
the fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant
exposure to the countries directly affected, the value and liquidity of the
fund's investments may be negatively affected. The fund may experience a
substantial or complete loss on any individual security or derivative position.


DERIVATIVES RISK. Using stock index futures and options and other derivatives
can increase fund losses and reduce opportunities for gains when market prices,
interest rates or the derivative instruments themselves behave in a way not
anticipated by the fund. Using derivatives may increase the volatility of the
fund's net asset value and may not provide the result intended. Derivatives may
have a leveraging effect on the fund. Some derivatives have the potential for
unlimited loss, regardless of the size of the fund's initial investment.
Changes in a derivative's value may not correlate well with the referenced
asset or metric. The fund also may have to sell assets at inopportune times to
satisfy its obligations. Derivatives may be difficult to sell, unwind or value,
and the counterparty may default on its obligations to the fund. Use of
derivatives may have different tax consequences for the fund than an investment
in the underlying security, and such differences may affect the amount, timing
and character of income distributed to shareholders. The U.S. government and
foreign governments are in the process of adopting and implementing regulations
governing derivatives


                                       6
<PAGE>


markets, including mandatory clearing of certain derivatives, margin and
reporting requirements. The ultimate impact of the regulations remains unclear.
Additional regulation of derivatives may make them more costly, limit their
availability or utility, otherwise adversely affect their performance or
disrupt markets.


SHORT POSITION RISK. Taking short positions involves leverage of the fund's
assets and presents various risks. If the price of the instrument or market on
which the fund has taken a short position increases, then the fund will incur a
loss. Because of leverage, taking short positions involves the risk that losses
may be exaggerated, potentially more than the actual cost of the investment.
Unlike purchasing a financial instrument like a stock, where potential losses
are limited to the purchase price and there is no upside limit on potential
gain, short sales involve no cap on maximum losses. Also, there is the risk
that a counterparty may fail to perform the terms of the arrangement, causing a
loss to the fund.

CREDIT DEFAULT SWAP RISK. Credit default swap contracts, a type of derivative
instrument, involve special risks and may result in losses to the fund. Credit
default swaps may in some cases be illiquid, and they increase credit risk
since the fund has exposure to the issuer of the referenced obligation and
either the counterparty to the credit default swap or, if it is a cleared
transaction, the brokerage firm through which the trade was cleared and the
clearing organization that is the counterparty to that trade.

FORWARD FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS RISK. The fund may not fully benefit from
or may lose money on forward foreign currency transactions if changes in
currency rates do not occur as anticipated or do not correspond accurately to
changes in the value of the fund's holdings, or if the counterparty defaults.
Such transactions may also prevent the fund from realizing profits on favorable
movements in exchange rates. Risk of counterparty default is greater for
counterparties located in emerging markets.

STRUCTURED SECURITIES RISK. Structured securities may behave in ways not
anticipated by the fund, or they may not receive the tax, accounting or
regulatory treatment anticipated by the fund.


RISKS OF INVESTING IN INVERSE FLOATING RATE OBLIGATIONS. The interest rate on
inverse floating rate obligations will generally decrease as short-term
interest rates increase, and increase as short-term rates decrease. Due to
their leveraged structure, the sensitivity of the market value of an inverse
floating rate obligation to changes in interest rates is generally greater than



                                       7
<PAGE>

Fund summary


a comparable long-term bond issued by the same issuer and with similar credit
quality, redemption and maturity provisions. Inverse floating rate obligations
may be volatile and involve leverage risk.


LEVERAGING RISK. The value of your investment may be more volatile and other
risks tend to be compounded if the fund borrows or uses derivatives or other
investments, such as ETFs, that have embedded leverage. Leverage generally
magnifies the effect of any increase or decrease in the value of the fund's
underlying assets and creates a risk of loss of value on a larger pool of
assets than the fund would otherwise have, potentially resulting in the loss of
all assets. Engaging in such transactions may cause the fund to liquidate
positions when it may not be advantageous to do so to satisfy its obligations
or meet segregation requirements.

HIGH YIELD OR "JUNK" BOND RISK. Debt securities that are below investment
grade, called "junk bonds," are speculative, have a higher risk of default or
are already in default, tend to be less liquid and are more difficult to value
than higher grade securities. Junk bonds tend to be volatile and more
susceptible to adverse events and negative sentiments. These risks are more
pronounced for securities that are already in default.


INTEREST RATE RISK. Interest rates may go up, causing the value of the fund's
investments to decline (this risk generally will be greater for securities with
longer maturities or durations). For example, if interest rates increase by 1%,
the value of a fund's portfolio with a portfolio duration of ten years would be
expected to decrease by 10%, all other things being equal. Interest rates in
the U.S. recently have been historically low, so the fund faces a heightened
risk that interest rates may continue to rise. A general rise in interest rates
could adversely affect the price and liquidity of fixed income securities and
could also result in increased redemptions from the fund. The maturity of a
security may be significantly longer than its effective duration. A security's
maturity and other features may be more relevant than its effective duration in
determining the security's sensitivity to other factors affecting the issuer or
markets generally such as changes in credit quality or in the yield premium
that the market may establish for certain types of securities.


Rising interest rates can lead to increased default rates, as issuers of
floating rate securities find themselves faced with higher payments. Unlike
fixed rate securities, floating rate securities generally will not increase in
value if interest rates decline. Changes in interest rates also will affect the
amount of interest income the fund earns on its floating rate investments.


                                       8
<PAGE>

CREDIT RISK. If an issuer or guarantor of a security held by the fund or a
counterparty to a financial contract with the fund defaults on its obligation
to pay principal and/or interest, has its credit rating downgraded or is
perceived to be less creditworthy, or the credit quality or value of any
underlying assets declines, the value of your investment will typically
decline.

PREPAYMENT OR CALL RISK. Many issuers have a right to prepay their securities.
If interest rates fall, an issuer may exercise this right. If this happens, the
fund will not benefit from the rise in market price that normally accompanies a
decline in interest rates, and will be forced to reinvest prepayment proceeds
at a time when yields on securities available in the market are lower than the
yield on the prepaid security. The fund also may lose any premium it paid on
the security.

EXTENSION RISK. During periods of rising interest rates, the average life of
certain types of securities may be extended because of slower than expected
principal payments. This may lock in a below market interest rate, increase the
security's duration and reduce the value of the security.


LIQUIDITY RISK. Some securities and derivatives held by the fund may be
impossible or difficult to purchase, sell or unwind, particularly during times
of market turmoil. An instrument's liquidity may be affected by reduced trading
volume, a relative lack of market makers or legal restrictions, and illiquid
securities and derivatives also may be difficult to value. Liquidity risk may
be magnified in a rising interest rate environment. If the fund is forced to
sell an illiquid asset or unwind a derivative position to meet redemption
requests or other cash needs, the fund may be forced to sell at a loss. The
fund may not receive its proceeds from the sale of certain securities for an
extended period (for example, several weeks or even longer). In extreme cases,
this may constrain the fund's ability to meet its obligations (including
obligations to redeeming shareholders).


PORTFOLIO SELECTION RISK. The adviser's judgment about the quality, relative
yield, relative value or market trends affecting a particular sector or region,
market segment, security or about interest rates generally may prove to be
incorrect.

U.S. TREASURY OBLIGATIONS RISK. The market value of direct obligations of the
U.S. Treasury may vary due to changes in interest rates. In addition, changes
to the financial condition or credit rating of the U.S. government may cause
the value of the fund's investments in obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury
to decline.


                                       9
<PAGE>

Fund summary

U.S. GOVERNMENT AGENCY OBLIGATIONS RISK. The fund invests in obligations issued
by agencies and instrumentalities of the U.S. government. Government-sponsored
entities such as FNMA, FHLMC and the FHLBs, although chartered or sponsored by
Congress, are not funded by congressional appropriations and the debt and
mortgage-backed securities issued by them are neither guaranteed nor issued by
the U.S. government. The maximum potential liability of the issuers of some
U.S. government obligations may greatly exceed their current resources,
including any legal right to support from the U.S. government. Such debt and
mortgage-backed securities are subject to the risk of default on the payment of
interest and/or principal, similar to debt of private issuers. Although the
U.S. government has provided financial support to FNMA and FHLMC in the past,
there can be no assurance that it will support these or other
government-sponsored entities in the future.

MORTGAGE-RELATED AND ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES RISK. The value of
mortgage-related and asset-backed securities will be influenced by factors
affecting the housing market and the assets underlying such securities. As a
result, during periods of declining asset value, difficult or frozen credit
markets, swings in interest rates, or deteriorating economic conditions,
mortgage-related and asset-backed securities may decline in value, face
valuation difficulties, become more volatile and/or become illiquid.
Mortgage-backed securities tend to be more sensitive to changes in interest
rate than other types of debt securities. These securities are also subject to
prepayment and extension risks. Some of these securities may receive little or
no collateral protection from the underlying assets and are thus subject to the
risk of default. The risk of such defaults is generally higher in the case of
mortgage-backed investments that include so-called "sub-prime" mortgages. The
structure of some of these securities may be complex and there may be less
available information than for other types of debt securities. Upon the
occurrence of certain triggering events or defaults, the fund may become the
holder of underlying assets at a time when those assets may be difficult to
sell or may be sold only at a loss.

RISKS OF INSTRUMENTS THAT ALLOW FOR BALLOON PAYMENTS OR NEGATIVE AMORTIZATION
PAYMENTS. Certain debt instruments allow for balloon payments or negative
amortization payments. Such instruments permit the borrower to avoid paying
currently a portion of the interest accruing on the instrument. While these
features make the debt instrument more affordable to the borrower in the near
term, they increase the risk that the borrower will be unable to make the
resulting higher payment or payments that become due at the maturity of the
loan.


                                       10
<PAGE>

RISKS OF INVESTING IN FLOATING RATE LOANS. Floating rate loans and similar
investments may be illiquid or less liquid than other investments and difficult
to value. Market quotations for these securities may be volatile and/or subject
to large spreads between bid and ask prices. No active trading market may exist
for many floating rate loans, and many loans are subject to restrictions on
resale. Any secondary market may be subject to irregular trading activity and
extended trade settlement periods. In particular, loans may take longer than
seven days to settle, potentially leading to the sale proceeds of loans not
being available to meet redemptions for a substantial period of time after the
sale of the loans. To the extent that sale proceeds of loans are not available,
the fund may sell securities that have shorter settlement periods or may access
other sources of liquidity to meet redemption requests. Loans may not be
considered "securities," and purchasers, such as the fund, therefore may not be
entitled to rely on the anti-fraud protections afforded by federal securities
laws.

COLLATERAL RISK. The value of collateral, if any, securing a floating rate loan
can decline, and may be insufficient to meet the issuer's obligations or may be
difficult to liquidate. In addition, the fund's access to collateral may be
limited by bankruptcy or other insolvency laws. Uncollateralized loans involve
a greater risk of loss.

RISK OF DISADVANTAGED ACCESS TO CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. The adviser's
decision not to receive material, non-public information about an issuer of a
loan either held by, or considered for investment by, the fund, under normal
circumstances could place it at a disadvantage, relative to other loan
investors, in assessing a loan or the loan's issuer, and adversely affect the
fund's investment performance.

RISKS OF INVESTING IN INSURANCE-LINKED SECURITIES. The return of principal and
the payment of interest on "event-linked" bonds and other insurance-linked
securities are contingent on the non-occurrence of a pre-defined "trigger"
event, such as a hurricane or an earthquake of a specific magnitude or other
event that leads to physical or economic loss. If a trigger event, as defined
within the terms of an event-linked bond, involves losses or other metrics
exceeding a specific magnitude in the geographic region and time period
specified, the fund may lose a portion or all of its accrued interest and/or
principal invested in the event-linked bond. In addition to the specified
trigger events, event-linked bonds may expose the fund to other risks,
including but not limited to issuer (credit) default, adverse regulatory or
jurisdictional interpretations and adverse tax consequences. Certain


                                       11
<PAGE>

Fund summary

insurance-linked securities may have limited liquidity, or may be illiquid. The
fund has limited transparency into the individual contracts underlying certain
insurance-linked securities, which may make the risk assessment of such
securities more difficult. Certain insurance-linked securities may be difficult
to value.

INFLATION-LINKED SECURITIES RISK. The principal or interest of inflation-linked
securities such as TIPS is adjusted periodically to a specified rate of
inflation. The inflation index used may not accurately measure the real rate of
inflation. Inflation-linked securities may lose value or interest payments on
such securities may decline in the event that the actual rate of inflation is
different than the rate of the inflation index, and losses may exceed those
experienced by other debt securities with similar durations. The values of
inflation-linked securities may not be directly correlated to changes in
interest rates, for example if interest rates rise for reasons other than
inflation.

RISKS OF SUBORDINATED SECURITIES. A holder of securities that are subordinated
or "junior" to more senior securities of an issuer is entitled to payment after
holders of more senior securities of the issuer. Subordinated securities are
more likely to suffer a credit loss than non-subordinated securities of the
same issuer, any loss incurred by the subordinated securities is likely to be
proportionately greater, and any recovery of interest or principal may take
more time. As a result, even a perceived decline in creditworthiness of the
issuer is likely to have a greater impact on subordinated securities.

MUNICIPAL SECURITIES RISK. The municipal bond market can be susceptible to
unusual volatility, particularly for lower-rated and unrated securities.
Liquidity can be reduced unpredictably in response to overall economic
conditions or credit tightening. Municipal issuers may be adversely affected by
rising health care costs, increasing unfunded pension liabilities, and by the
phasing out of federal programs providing financial support. Unfavorable
conditions and developments relating to projects financed with municipal
securities can result in lower revenues to issuers of municipal securities,
potentially resulting in defaults. Issuers often depend on revenues from these
projects to make principal and interest payments. The value of municipal
securities can also be adversely affected by changes in the financial condition
of one or more individual municipal issuers or insurers of municipal issuers,
regulatory and political developments, tax law changes or other legislative
actions, and by uncertainties and public perceptions concerning these and other
factors. Municipal issuers may be more susceptible to downgrades or defaults
during recessions or similar periods of economic stress. In recent


                                       12
<PAGE>

periods, an increasing number of municipal issuers in the United States have
defaulted on obligations and commenced insolvency proceedings. Financial
difficulties of municipal issuers may continue or get worse. To the extent the
fund invests significantly in a single state or in securities the payments on
which are dependent upon a single project or source of revenues, or that relate
to a sector or industry, the fund will be more susceptible to associated risks
and developments.

RISKS OF ZERO COUPON BONDS, PAYMENT IN KIND, DEFERRED AND CONTINGENT PAYMENT
SECURITIES. These securities may be more speculative and may fluctuate more in
value than securities which pay income periodically and in cash. In addition,
although the fund receives no periodic cash payments on such securities, the
fund is deemed for tax purposes to receive income from such securities, which
applicable tax rules require the fund to distribute to shareholders. Such
distributions may be taxable when distributed to shareholders.


RISKS OF NON-U.S. INVESTMENTS. Investing in non-U.S. issuers, or in U.S.
issuers that have significant exposure to foreign markets, may involve unique
risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. These risks are more
pronounced for issuers in emerging markets or to the extent that the fund
invests significantly in one region or country. These risks may include
different financial reporting practices and regulatory standards, less liquid
trading markets, extreme price volatility, currency risks, changes in economic,
political, regulatory and social conditions, terrorism, sustained economic
downturns, financial instability, tax burdens, and investment and repatriation
restrictions. Lack of information and less market regulation also may affect
the value of these securities. Withholding and other non-U.S. taxes may
decrease the fund's return. Non-U.S. issuers may be located in parts of the
world that have historically been prone to natural disasters. Investing in
depositary receipts is subject to many of the same risks as investing directly
in non-U.S. issuers. Depositary receipts may involve higher expenses and may
trade at a discount (or premium) to the underlying security. A number of
countries in the European Union (EU) have experienced, and may continue to
experience, severe economic and financial difficulties. In addition, voters in
the United Kingdom have approved withdrawal from the EU. Other countries may
seek to withdraw from the EU and/or abandon the euro, the common currency of
the EU.



                                       13
<PAGE>

Fund summary

CURRENCY RISK. The fund could experience losses based on changes in the
exchange rate between non-U.S. currencies and the U.S. dollar or as a result of
currency conversion costs. Currency exchange rates can be volatile, and are
affected by factors such as general economic conditions, the actions of the
U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, the imposition of currency
controls and speculation.

EQUITY SECURITIES RISK. Equity securities represent an ownership interest in an
issuer, rank junior in a company's capital structure to debt securities and
consequently may entail greater risk of loss than debt securities. Equity
securities are subject to the risk that stock prices may rise and fall in
periodic cycles and may perform poorly relative to other investments. This risk
may be greater in the short term.

RISKS OF CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES. The market values of convertible securities
tend to decline as interest rates increase and, conversely, to increase as
interest rates decline. A downturn in equity markets may cause the price of
convertible securities to decrease relative to other fixed income securities.

PREFERRED STOCKS RISK. Preferred stocks may pay fixed or adjustable rates of
return. Preferred stocks are subject to issuer-specific and market risks
applicable generally to equity securities. In addition, a company's preferred
stocks generally pay dividends only after the company makes required payments
to holders of its bonds and other debt. Thus, the value of preferred stocks
will usually react more strongly than bonds and other debt to actual or
perceived changes in the company's financial condition or prospects. The market
value of preferred stocks generally decreases when interest rates rise.
Preferred stocks of smaller companies may be more vulnerable to adverse
developments than preferred stocks of larger companies.

RISKS OF WARRANTS AND RIGHTS. If the price of the underlying stock does not
rise above the exercise price before the warrant expires, the warrant generally
expires without any value and the fund loses any amount it paid for the
warrant. The failure to exercise subscription rights to purchase common shares
would result in the dilution of the fund's interest in the issuing company.


RISK OF INVESTMENT IN OTHER FUNDS. Investing in other investment companies,
including exchange-traded funds (ETFs), subjects the fund to the risks of
investing in the underlying securities or assets held by those funds. When
investing in another fund, the fund will bear a pro rata portion of the
underlying fund's expenses, including management fees, in addition to its own
expenses.



                                       14
<PAGE>

REPURCHASE AGREEMENT RISK. In the event that the other party to a repurchase
agreement defaults on its obligations, the fund may encounter delay and incur
costs before being able to sell the security. Such a delay may involve loss of
interest or a decline in price of the security. In addition, if the fund is
characterized by a court as an unsecured creditor, it would be at risk of
losing some or all of the principal and interest involved in the transaction.

MARKET SEGMENT RISK. To the extent the fund emphasizes, from time to time,
investments in a market segment, the fund will be subject to a greater degree
to the risks particular to that segment, and may experience greater market
fluctuation than a fund without the same focus.

PORTFOLIO TURNOVER RISK. If the fund does a lot of trading, it may incur
additional operating expenses, which would reduce performance. A higher level
of portfolio turnover may also cause shareholders to incur a higher level of
taxable income or capital gains.


VALUATION RISK. The sales price the fund could receive for any particular
portfolio investment may differ from the fund's valuation of the investment,
particularly for illiquid securities and securities that trade in thin or
volatile markets or that are valued using a fair value methodology. Investors
who purchase or redeem fund shares on days when the fund is holding fair-valued
securities may receive fewer or more shares or lower or higher redemption
proceeds than they would have received if the fund had not fair-valued the
securities or had used a different valuation methodology. The fund's ability to
value its investments may also be impacted by technological issues and/or
errors by pricing services or other third party service providers.


REDEMPTION RISK. The fund may experience heavy redemptions that could cause the
fund to liquidate its assets at inopportune times or at a loss or depressed
value, which could cause the value of your investment to decline.


CYBERSECURITY RISK. Cybersecurity failures or breaches by the fund's adviser,
transfer agent, distributor, custodian, fund accounting agent and other service
providers may disrupt fund operations, interfere with the fund's ability to
calculate its NAV, prevent fund shareholders from purchasing, redeeming or
exchanging shares or receiving distributions, cause loss of or unauthorized
access to private shareholder information, and result in financial losses,
regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, or additional compliance
costs.



                                       15
<PAGE>

Fund summary

EXPENSE RISK. Your actual costs of investing in the fund may be higher than the
expenses shown in "Annual fund operating expenses" for a variety of reasons.
For example, expense ratios may be higher than those shown if overall net
assets decrease. Net assets are more likely to decrease and fund expense ratios
are more likely to increase when markets are volatile.

Please note that there are many other factors that could adversely affect your
investment and that could prevent the fund from achieving its goals.

An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or
guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government
agency.


THE FUND'S PAST PERFORMANCE
The bar chart and table indicate the risks and volatility of an investment in
the fund by showing how the fund has performed in the past. The bar chart shows
changes in the performance of the fund's Class A shares from calendar year to
calendar year. The table shows the average annual total returns for each class
of the fund over time and compares these returns to the returns of the Bank of
America (BofA) Merrill Lynch U.S. Dollar 3-Month LIBOR Index, a broad-based
measure of market performance that has characteristics relevant to the fund's
investment strategies. You can obtain updated performance information by
visiting https://us.pioneerinvestments.com/performance or by calling
1-800-225-6292.

The fund's past performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily
indicate how it will perform in the future.

The bar chart does not reflect any sales charge you may pay when you buy fund
shares. If this amount was reflected, returns would be less than those shown.


                                       16
<PAGE>

ANNUAL RETURN CLASS A SHARES (%)
(Year ended December 31)
[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]









<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
'12       '13    '14     '15     '16     '17
<S>       <C>    <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>
  12.22   4.06   -0.85   -2.04   11.11   5.21
</TABLE>






For the period covered by the bar chart:
THE HIGHEST CALENDAR QUARTERLY RETURN WAS 4.54% (01/01/2012 TO 03/31/2012).
THE LOWEST CALENDAR QUARTERLY RETURN WAS -3.09% (10/01/2014 TO 12/31/2014).


At June 30, 2018, the year-to-date return was -1.15%.

No performance information is presented for Class K shares in the table because
Class K shares do not have annual returns for at least one calendar year. The
returns for Class K shares would differ from those of other classes of shares
because they have different expenses.


                                       17
<PAGE>

Fund summary

AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN (%)

(for periods ended December 31, 2017)




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              SINCE   INCEPTION
                                                     1 YEAR    5 YEARS    INCEPTION        DATE
                                                   --------  ---------  -----------  ----------
<S>                                                <C>       <C>        <C>          <C>
Class A                                                                                 5/2/11
-------------------------------------------------  -----     ----       ----            ------
Return before taxes                                  0.45       2.44         2.98
-------------------------------------------------  ------       ----         ----    ------
Return after taxes on distributions                 -1.50       0.49         1.05
-------------------------------------------------  ------       ----         ----    ------
Return after taxes on distributions and sale of
shares                                               0.24       0.94         1.41
-------------------------------------------------  ------       ----         ----    ------
Class C                                              4.43       2.58         2.86       5/2/11
-------------------------------------------------  ------       ----         ----       ------
Class Y                                              5.51       3.71         4.05       5/2/11
-------------------------------------------------  ------       ----         ----       ------
Bank of America (BofA) Merrill Lynch U.S. Dollar
3-Month LIBOR Index (reflects no deduction for
fees, expenses or taxes)                             1.11       0.50         0.48       5/2/11
-------------------------------------------------  ------       ----         ----       ------
</TABLE>


After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual
federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and
local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on the investor's tax situation
and may differ from those shown. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant
to investors who hold fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements such as
401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.


After-tax returns are shown only for Class A shares. After-tax returns for
Class C, Class K and Class Y shares shares will vary.



MANAGEMENT



<TABLE>
<S>                    <C>
INVESTMENT ADVISER     Amundi Pioneer Asset Management, Inc.
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT   Michael Temple, Managing Director and
                       Director of Corporate Credit Research, U.S. of
                       Amundi Pioneer (portfolio manager of the fund
                       since 2011); and Kevin Choy, Vice President of
                       Amundi Pioneer (portfolio manager of the fund
                       since May 2016)
</TABLE>


PURCHASE AND SALE OF FUND SHARES
You may purchase, exchange or sell (redeem) shares each day the New York Stock
Exchange is open through your financial intermediary or, for accounts held
directly with the fund, by contacting the fund in writing or by telephone:
Pioneer Funds, P.O. Box 55014, Boston, MA 02205-5014, tel. 1-800-225-6292.


                                       18
<PAGE>


Your initial investment for Class A or Class C shares must be at least $1,000.
Additional investments must be at least $100 for Class A shares and $500 for
Class C shares. Generally, the initial investment for Class K or Class Y shares
must be at least $5 million. This amount may be invested in one or more of the
Pioneer mutual funds that currently offer Class K or Class Y shares, as
applicable. There is no minimum additional investment amount for Class K or
Class Y shares.



TAX INFORMATION
The fund intends to make distributions that may be taxed as ordinary income or
capital gains.


PAYMENTS TO BROKER-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase the fund through a broker-dealer or other financial
intermediary (such as a bank), the fund and its related companies may pay the
intermediary for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments
create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other
intermediary and your salesperson or investment professional to recommend the
fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or investment professional
or visit your financial intermediary's website for more information.