Precious Metals and Minerals Fund
<head_breaker>

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The USAA Precious Metals and Minerals Fund (the Fund) seeks long-term capital appreciation and to protect the purchasing power of your capital against inflation.
FEES AND EXPENSES
The tables below describe the fees and expenses that you may pay, directly and indirectly, to invest in the Fund. The annual fund operating expenses for the Fund Shares, Institutional Shares, and Adviser Shares are based on expenses incurred during the Fund’s most recently completed fiscal year.
Shareholder Fees
(fees paid directly from your investment)
 	Fund Shares	Inst. Shares	Adviser Shares
 	None	None	None
Annual Fund Operating Expenses
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Fund Shares	Inst. Shares	Adviser Shares
Management Fee (fluctuates based on the Fund's performance relative to a securities market index)	0.71%	0.75%	0.71%
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) Fees	None	None	0.25%
Other Expenses	0.52%	0.41%	0.34%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	1.23%	1.16%(a)	1.30%
Reimbursement from Adviser	N/A	(0.16%)(b)	N/A
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses after Reimbursement	1.23%	1.00%	1.30%
(a)	The expense information in the table has been restated to reflect current fees.
(b)	The Investment Adviser has agreed, through September 30, 2019, to make payments or waive management, administration, and other fees to limit the expenses of the Fund so that the total annual operating expenses (exclusive of expense offset arrangements, acquired fund fees and expenses, and extraordinary expenses) do not exceed an annual rate of 1.00% of the Institutional Shares’ average daily net assets. This reimbursement arrangement may not be changed or terminated during this time period without approval of the Fund’s Board of Trustees and may be changed or terminated by the Investment Adviser at any time after September 30, 2019.
Prospectus  |  1
 

Table of Contents
Example
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, you would pay the following expenses on a $10,000 investment, assuming (1) a 5% annual return, (2) the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same, (3) you redeem all of your shares at the end of the periods shown, and (4) the expense reimbursement arrangement for the Institutional Shares is not continued beyond one year.
 	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Fund Shares	$125	$390	$676	$1,489
Inst. Shares	$102	$353	$623	$1,395
Adviser Shares	$132	$412	$713	$1,568
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, including commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when shares of the Fund are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance.
For the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 13% of the average value of its whole portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGY
The Fund normally invests at least 80% of its assets in equity securities of domestic and foreign companies (including those located in emerging markets) principally engaged in the exploration, mining, or processing of gold and other precious metals and minerals, such as platinum, silver, and diamonds. This 80% policy may be changed upon at least 60 days’ written notice to shareholders.
PRINCIPAL RISKS
Any investment involves risk, and there is no assurance that the Fund’s objective will be achieved. The Fund is actively managed and the investment techniques and risk analyses used by the Fund’s manager(s) may not produce the desired results. As you consider an investment in the Fund, you also should take into account your tolerance for the daily fluctuations of the financial markets and whether you can afford to leave your money in the
2  |  USAA Precious Metals and Minerals Fund
 

Table of Contents
Fund for long periods of time to ride out down periods. As with other mutual funds, losing money is a risk of investing in the Fund.
The equity securities in the Fund’s portfolio are subject to stock market risk. A company’s stock price in general may decline over short or even extended periods, regardless of the success or failure of the company’s operations. Stock markets tend to run in cycles, with periods when stock prices generally go up and periods when stock prices generally go down. Equity securities tend to be more volatile than debt securities. In addition, the Fund invests primarily in foreign securities; and there is a possibility that the value of the Fund’s investments in foreign securities will decrease because of unique risks, such as currency exchange-rate fluctuations; foreign market illiquidity; emerging-market risk; increased price volatility; uncertain political conditions; exchange control regulations; foreign ownership limits; different accounting, reporting, and disclosure requirements; difficulties in obtaining legal judgments; and foreign withholding taxes. These risks are particularly heightened in this Fund because investments in emerging-market countries generally are more volatile than investments in developed markets. Emerging-market countries are less economically diverse and mature than more developed countries and tend to be politically less stable.
Because of commodity price volatility and the increased impact such volatility has on the profitability of precious metals and minerals and natural resources industries, there are additional risks involved in investing in the securities of companies in these industries. The natural resources and precious metals and minerals industries can be significantly affected by global economic, financial, and political developments. Investments related to natural resources and precious metals and minerals may fluctuate in price significantly over short periods of time. However, because the market action of such securities has tended to move independently of the broader financial markets, the addition of these securities to a portfolio may reduce overall fluctuations in portfolio value.
The Fund is non-diversified, which means that it may invest a greater percentage of its assets in a single issuer, such as a single stock or bond. Because a relatively high percentage of the Fund’s total assets may be invested in the securities of a single issuer or a limited number of issuers, the securities of the Fund may be more sensitive to changes in the market value of a single issuer, a limited number of issuers, or large companies generally. Such a focused investment strategy may increase the volatility of the Fund’s investment results because this Fund may be more susceptible to risks associated with a single issuer or economic, political, or regulatory event compared to those of a diversified fund.
An investment in the Fund is not a deposit in USAA Federal Savings Bank, or any other bank, and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
Prospectus  |  3
 

Table of Contents
PERFORMANCE
The following bar chart and table are intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The Fund has three classes of shares: Fund Shares, Institutional Shares, and Adviser Shares. The bar chart provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund and illustrates the Fund Shares' class volatility and performance from year to year for each full calendar year over the past 10 years. The table shows how the average annual total returns of the share classes for the periods indicated compared to those of the Fund's benchmark index, an additional broad-based securities market index with investment characteristics similar to the Fund, and an index of funds with similar investment objectives. Performance reflects any expense limitations in effect during the periods shown.
Remember, historical performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate what will happen in the future. For the Fund’s most current performance information, log on to usaa.com or call (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722.
RISK/RETURN BAR CHART
Annual Returns for Periods Ended December 31

During the periods shown in the chart:	Returns	Quarter ended
Highest Quarter Return	40.25%	March 31, 2016
Lowest Quarter Return	-36.50%	June 30, 2013
Year-to-Date Return	-3.46%	June 30, 2018
After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. In certain situations, the return after taxes on distributions and sale of
4  |  USAA Precious Metals and Minerals Fund
 

Table of Contents
fund shares may be higher than the other return amounts. A higher after-tax return may result when a capital loss occurs upon redemption and translates into an assumed tax deduction that benefits the shareholder. The actual after-tax returns depend on your tax situation and may differ from those shown. If you hold your shares through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as an individual retirement account (IRA) or 401(k) plan, the after-tax returns shown in the table are not relevant to you. Please note that after-tax returns are only shown for the Fund Shares and may differ for each share class.
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
For Periods Ended December 31, 2017
 	Past
1 Year	Past
5 Years	Past
10 Years	Since
Inception	Inception
Date
Fund Shares	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	9.65%	-12.05%	-4.37%	 	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions	9.65%	-12.41%	-5.14%	 	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares	5.46%	-8.69%	-2.48%	 	 
Institutional Shares	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	10.23%	-11.79%	–	-4.09%	8/1/2008
Adviser Shares	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	9.58%	-12.16%	–	-9.41%	8/1/2010
Indexes
S&P 500® Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	21.96%	15.79%	8.49%	8.25%	8/1/2008*
NYSE Arca Gold Miners (GDM) Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	12.52%	-11.70%	-5.48%	-5.30%	8/1/2008*
Lipper Precious Metals Equity Funds Index (reflects no deduction for taxes)	9.92%	-9.89%	-3.85%	-3.59%	8/1/2008*
* The performance of the S&P 500 Index, GDM Index, and Lipper Precious Metals Equity Funds Index is calculated from the end of the month, July 31, 2008, while the inception date of the Institutional Shares is August 1, 2008. There may be a slight variation in performance because of the difference. The average annual total returns for the S&P 500 Index, GDM Index, and Lipper Precious Metals Equity Funds Index from July 31, 2010, through December 31, 2017, were 12.69%, -8.13%, and -7.11%, respectively. The performance of the S&P 500 Index, GDM Index,
Prospectus  |  5
 

Table of Contents
and Lipper Precious Metals Equity Funds Index is calculated from the end of the month, July 31, 2010, while the inception date of the Adviser Shares is August 1, 2010. There might be a slight variation of performance numbers because of the difference.
INVESTMENT ADVISER
USAA Asset Management Company (“AMCO” or “Adviser”)
PORTFOLIO MANAGERS
Dan Denbow, CFA, Assistant Vice President of Equity Investments, has managed or co-managed the Fund since October 2008.
John P. Toohey, CFA, Head of Equity Investments, has co-managed the Fund since October 2017.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES
Fund Shares:
You may purchase or sell Fund Shares through a USAA investment account on any business day through our website at usaa.com or mobile.usaa.com, or by telephone at (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722. You also may purchase or sell Fund Shares through certain other financial intermediaries. If you have opened an account directly with the Fund, you also may purchase and sell Fund Shares by mail at P.O. Box 659453, San Antonio, Texas 78265-9825.
■	Minimum initial purchase: $3,000
■	Minimum subsequent investment: $50
Institutional Shares:
The Institutional Shares are not offered for sale directly to the general public. The minimum initial purchase is $1 million; however, the Fund reserves the right to waive or lower purchase minimums in certain circumstances.
Adviser Shares:
Adviser Shares are available for investment through financial intermediaries. Your ability to purchase, exchange, sell, and transfer shares will be affected by the policies of the financial intermediary through which you do business. The minimum initial purchase is $3,000; however, financial intermediaries may set different investment minimums in certain circumstances.
6  |  USAA Precious Metals and Minerals Fund
 

Table of Contents
TAX INFORMATION
The Fund intends to make distributions that generally will be taxed to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gains, unless you are a tax-exempt investor or you invest through an IRA, 401(k) plan, or other tax-deferred account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).
PAYMENTS TO BROKER-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of such shares and certain servicing and administrative functions. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.