Small Cap Stock Fund
<head_breaker>

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The USAA Small Cap Stock Fund (the Fund) seeks long-term growth of capital.
FEES AND EXPENSES
The tables below describe the fees and expenses that you may pay, directly and indirectly, to invest in the Fund. The annual fund operating expenses for the Fund Shares and Institutional Shares are based on expenses incurred during the Fund’s most recently completed fiscal year.
Shareholder Fees
(fees paid directly from your investment)
 	Fund Shares	Inst. Shares
 	None	None
Annual Fund Operating Expenses
(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)
 	Fund Shares	Inst. Shares
Management Fee (fluctuates based on the Fund's performance relative to a securities market index)	0.71%	0.72%
Distribution and/or Service (12b-1) Fees	None	None
Other Expenses	0.35%	0.23%
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses	1.06%	0.95%
Example
This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, you would pay the following expenses on a $10,000 investment, assuming (1) a 5% annual return, (2) the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same, and (3) you redeem all of your shares at the end of the periods shown.
 	1 Year	3 Years	5 Years	10 Years
Fund Shares	$108	$337	$585	$1,294
Inst. Shares	$97	$303	$525	$1,166
Prospectus  |  1
 

Table of Contents
Portfolio Turnover
The Fund pays transaction costs, including commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when shares of the Fund are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses or in the Example, affect the Fund’s performance.
For the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 68% of the average value of its whole portfolio.
PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGY
The Fund normally invests at least 80% of its assets in equity securities of companies with small market capitalizations. This 80% policy may be changed upon at least 60 days’ written notice to shareholders. Although the Fund invests primarily in U.S. securities, it may invest up to 20% of its total assets in foreign securities including securities issued in emerging markets.
PRINCIPAL RISKS
Any investment involves risk, and there is no assurance that the Fund’s objective will be achieved. The Fund is actively managed and the investment techniques and risk analyses used by the Fund’s manager(s) may not produce the desired results. As you consider an investment in the Fund, you also should take into account your tolerance for the daily fluctuations of the financial markets and whether you can afford to leave your money in the Fund for long periods of time to ride out down periods. As with other mutual funds, losing money is a risk of investing in the Fund.
The equity securities in the Fund’s portfolio are subject to stock market risk. A company’s stock price in general may decline over short or even extended periods, regardless of the success or failure of the company’s operations. Stock markets tend to run in cycles, with periods when stock prices generally go up and periods when stock prices generally go down. Equity securities tend to be more volatile than debt securities. In addition, to the degree the Fund invests in foreign securities, there is a possibility that the value of the Fund’s investments in foreign securities will decrease because of unique risks, such as currency exchange-rate fluctuations; foreign market illiquidity; emerging-market risk; increased price volatility; uncertain political conditions; exchange control regulations; foreign ownership limits; different accounting, reporting, and disclosure requirements; difficulties in obtaining legal judgments; and foreign withholding taxes. These risks may be heightened to the extent the Fund invests in emerging-market countries. Emerging-market countries are less economically diverse and mature than more developed countries and tend to be politically less stable.
2  |  USAA Small Cap Stock Fund
 

Table of Contents
The Fund is subject to small-cap company risk, which is the greater risk of investing in smaller, less well-known companies, as opposed to investing in established companies with proven track records. Small-cap companies also may have limited product lines, markets, or financial resources. Securities of such companies may be less liquid and more volatile than securities of larger companies or the market in general and, therefore, may involve greater risk than investing in the securities of larger companies.
An investment in the Fund is not a deposit in USAA Federal Savings Bank, or any other bank, and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency.
PERFORMANCE
The following bar chart and table are intended to help you understand the risks of investing in the Fund. The Fund has two classes of shares: Fund Shares and Institutional Shares. The bar chart provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund and illustrates the Fund Shares class's volatility and performance from year to year for each full calendar year over the past 10 years. The table shows how the average annual total returns of the share classes for the periods indicated compared to those of the Fund's benchmark index, an additional broad-based securities market index with investment characteristics similar to the Fund, and an index of funds with similar investment objectives. Performance reflects any expense limitations in effect during the periods shown.
Remember, historical performance (before and after taxes) does not necessarily indicate what will happen in the future. For the Fund’s most current performance information, log on to usaa.com or call (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722.
Prospectus  |  3
 

Table of Contents
RISK/RETURN BAR CHART
Annual Returns for Periods Ended December 31

During the periods shown in the chart:	Returns	Quarter ended
Highest Quarter Return	18.96%	September 30, 2009
Lowest Quarter Return	-25.38%	December 31, 2008
Year-to-Date Return	12.25%	September 30, 2018
After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. In certain situations, the return after taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares may be higher than the other return amounts. A higher after-tax return may result when a capital loss occurs upon redemption and translates into an assumed tax deduction that benefits the shareholder. The actual after-tax returns depend on your tax situation and may differ from those shown. If you hold your shares through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as an individual retirement account (IRA) or 401(k) plan, the after-tax returns shown in the table are not relevant to you. Please note that after-tax returns are only shown for the Fund Shares and may differ for each share class.
4  |  USAA Small Cap Stock Fund
 

Table of Contents
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
For Periods Ended December 31, 2017
 	Past
1 Year	Past
5 Years	Past
10 Years	Since
Inception	Inception
Date
Fund Shares	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	10.13%	11.87%	7.47%	 	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions	7.07%	9.52%	6.30%	 	 
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares	7.45%	8.93%	5.80%	 	 
Institutional Shares	 	 	 	 	 
Return Before Taxes	10.28%	12.05%	–	9.22%	8/1/2008
Indexes
Russell 2000® Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	14.65%	14.12%	8.71%	10.00%	8/1/2008*
S&P SmallCap 600 Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)	13.23%	15.99%	10.43%	11.74%	8/1/2008*
Lipper Small-Cap Core Funds Index (reflects no deduction for taxes)	13.95%	13.64%	8.69%	10.07%	8/1/2008*
* Performance figures for the Russell 2000 Index, S&P SmallCap 600 Index, and the Lipper Small-Cap Core Funds Index are calculated from the end of the month, July 31, 2008, while the inception date of the Institutional Shares is August 1, 2008. There may be a slight variation in performance because of the difference.
INVESTMENT ADVISER
USAA Asset Management Company (“AMCO” or “Adviser”)
SUBADVISERS
Wellington Management Company LLP (“Wellington Management”)
Granahan Investment Management, Inc. (“GIMI”)
ClariVest Asset Management LLC (“ClariVest”)
Prospectus  |  5
 

Table of Contents
PORTFOLIO MANAGERS
Wellington Management
Timothy J. McCormack, CFA, Senior Managing Director and Equity Portfolio Manager of Wellington Management, has served as portfolio manager for the Fund since July 2008 and has been involved in investment and securities analysis for a portion of the Fund since December 2003.
Shaun F. Pedersen, Senior Managing Director and Equity Portfolio Manager of Wellington Management, has been involved in portfolio management and securities analysis for a portion of the Fund since 2004.
GIMI
Gary C. Hatton, CFA, is co-Founder, Chief Investment Officer, and Sr. Managing Director of GIMI. He has co-managed a portion of the Fund since July 2012.
Jennifer M. Pawloski is a Sr. Vice President, Managing Director, and Portfolio Manager at GIMI with an expertise in the Technology sector. She has co-managed a portion of the Fund since July 2012.
Andrew L. Beja, CFA, is a Sr. Vice President, Managing Director, and Portfolio Manager at GIMI. He has co-managed a portion of the Fund since July 2012.
David Rose, CFA, is a Sr. Vice President, Managing Director, and Portfolio Manager at GIMI. He has co-managed a portion of the Fund since March 2015.
Jeff Harrison, CFA, is a Sr. Vice President, Managing Director, and Portfolio Manager at GIMI. He has co-managed a portion of the Fund since July 2015.
ClariVest
Todd Wolter, CFA, is a Lead Portfolio Manager and Principal at ClariVest. He has co-managed a portion of the Fund since May 2017.
Michael Waterman, CFA, is a Portfolio Manager and Principal at ClariVest. He has co-managed a portion of the Fund since May 2017.
Stacey Nutt, Ph.D, is CEO/CIO, Lead Portfolio Manager and Principal at ClariVest. He has co-managed a portion of the Fund since May 2017.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES
Fund Shares:
You may purchase or sell Fund Shares through a USAA investment account on any business day through our website at usaa.com or mobile.usaa.com, or by telephone at (800) 531-USAA (8722) or (210) 531-8722. You also may
6  |  USAA Small Cap Stock Fund
 

Table of Contents
purchase or sell Fund Shares through certain other financial intermediaries. If you have opened an account directly with the Fund, you also may purchase and sell Fund Shares by mail at P.O. Box 659453, San Antonio, Texas 78265-9825.
■	Minimum initial purchase: $3,000
■	Minimum subsequent investment: $50
Institutional Shares:
The Institutional Shares are not offered for sale directly to the general public. The minimum initial purchase is $1 million; however, the Fund reserves the right to waive or lower purchase minimums in certain circumstances.
TAX INFORMATION
The Fund intends to make distributions that generally will be taxed to you as ordinary income or long-term capital gains, unless you are a tax-exempt investor or you invest through an IRA, 401(k) plan, or other tax-deferred account (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).
PAYMENTS TO BROKER-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES
If you purchase shares of the Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the Fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of such shares and certain servicing and administrative functions. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.