T. Rowe Price Institutional Emerging Markets Equity Fund
<head_breaker>

SUMMARY

Investment Objective

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital through investments primarily in the common stocks of companies located (or with primary operations) in emerging markets.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund. You may also incur brokerage commissions and other charges when buying or selling shares of the fund, which are not reflected in the table.

Fees and Expenses of the Fund

 	 	 
Shareholder fees (fees paid directly from your investment)

Redemption fee (as a percentage of amount redeemed on shares held for 90 days or less)

2.00

%

 	 
Annual fund operating expenses
(expenses that you pay each year as a
percentage of the value of your investment)

Management fees

1.10

%

 	 
Other expenses

—

 
 	 
Total annual fund operating expenses

1.10

 
Example This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods, that your investment has a 5% return each year, and that the fund’s operating expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 	 	 	 
1 year

3 years

5 years

10 years

$112

$350

$606

$1,340

Portfolio Turnover The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when the fund’s shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 19.7% of the average value of its portfolio.

Investments, Risks, and Performance

Principal Investment Strategies The fund normally invests at least 80% of its net assets (including any borrowings for investment purposes) in emerging market companies. For purposes of determining whether the fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in emerging market companies, the fund relies on MSCI Inc. to determine

 	 
T. Rowe Price

2

which countries are considered emerging markets and relies on the country assigned to a security by MSCI Inc. or another unaffiliated data provider. The fund considers frontier markets to be a subset of emerging markets and any investments in frontier markets will be counted toward the fund’s 80% investment policy. The fund expects to primarily invest in common stocks of companies located (or with primary operations) in emerging markets in Latin America, Asia, Europe, Africa, and the Middle East. The countries in which the fund normally invests include, but are not limited to, the following:

· Asia: China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Pakistan, Philippines, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam.

· Latin America: Argentina, Belize, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela.

· Europe: Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece, Hungary, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Turkey, and Ukraine.

· Africa and the Middle East: Bahrain, Botswana, Egypt, Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Lebanon, Mauritius, Morocco, Nigeria, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, and Zimbabwe.

The fund may purchase the stocks of companies of any size. While the adviser invests with an awareness of the global economic backdrop and the adviser’s outlook for certain industries, sectors, and individual countries, the adviser’s decision-making process focuses on bottom-up stock selection. Country allocation is driven largely by stock selection, though the adviser may limit investments in markets or industries that appear to have poor overall prospects. The fund may at times invest significantly in China.

Security selection reflects a growth style. The adviser relies on a global team of investment analysts dedicated to in-depth fundamental research in an effort to identify companies capable of achieving and sustaining above-average, long-term earnings growth. The adviser seeks to purchase stocks of companies at reasonable prices in relation to present or anticipated earnings, cash flow, or book value. The fund may at times invest significantly in certain sectors, such as the information technology and financial sectors.

In selecting investments, the adviser generally favors companies with one or more of the following characteristics:

· leading or improving market position;

· attractive business niche;

· attractive or improving franchise or industry position;

· seasoned management;

· stable or improving earnings and/or cash flow; and

· sound or improving balance sheet.

The fund may sell securities for a variety of reasons, such as to secure gains, limit losses, or redeploy assets into more promising opportunities.

 	 
Summary

3

Principal Risks As with any mutual fund, there is no guarantee that the fund will achieve its objective. The fund’s share price fluctuates, which means you could lose money by investing in the fund. The principal risks of investing in this fund are summarized as follows:

Active management risks The investment adviser’s judgments about the attractiveness, value, or potential appreciation of the fund’s investments may prove to be incorrect. If the investments selected and strategies employed by the fund fail to produce the intended results, the fund could underperform in comparison to other funds with a similar benchmark or similar objectives and investment strategies.

Risks of stock investing Stocks generally fluctuate in value more than bonds and may decline significantly over short time periods. There is a chance that stock prices overall will decline because stock markets tend to move in cycles, with periods of rising and falling prices. The value of a stock in which the fund invests may decline due to general weakness in the stock market or because of factors that affect a particular company or industry.

International investing risks Investing in the securities of non-U.S. issuers involves special risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. issuers. International securities tend to be more volatile and less liquid than investments in U.S. securities and may lose value because of adverse local, political, social, or economic developments overseas, or due to changes in the exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. In addition, international investments are subject to settlement practices and regulatory and financial reporting standards that differ from those of the U.S.

Emerging markets risks The risks of international investing are heightened for securities of issuers in emerging market countries. Emerging market countries tend to have economic structures that are less diverse and mature, and political systems that are less stable, than those of developed countries. In addition to all of the risks of investing in international developed markets, emerging markets are more susceptible to governmental interference, local taxes being imposed on international investments, restrictions on gaining access to sales proceeds, and less liquid and less efficient trading markets.

Investment style risks Different investment styles tend to shift in and out of favor depending on market conditions and investor sentiment. The fund’s growth approach to investing could cause it to underperform other stock funds that employ a different investment style. Growth stocks tend to be more volatile than certain other types of stocks, and their prices may fluctuate more dramatically than the overall stock market. A stock with growth characteristics can have sharp price declines due to decreases in current or expected earnings and may lack dividends that can help cushion its share price in a declining market.

Market capitalization risks Because the fund may invest in companies of any size, its share price could be more volatile than a fund that invests only in large companies.

 	 
T. Rowe Price

4

Small and medium-sized companies often have less experienced management, narrower product lines, more limited financial resources, and less publicly available information than larger companies. Larger companies may not be able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during strong economic periods, and they may be less capable of responding quickly to competitive challenges and industry changes.

Sector concentration risks At times, the fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a broadly related group of industries within an economic sector. Companies in the same economic sector may be similarly affected by economic or market events, making the fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that economic sector than funds that invest more broadly. For example, the fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies in the information technology and financials sectors. Companies in the financials sector may be adversely impacted by, among other things, regulatory changes, economic conditions, interest rates, credit rating downgrades, and decreased liquidity in credit markets. Companies in the information technology sector can be adversely affected by, among other things, intense competition, earnings disappointments, and rapid obsolescence of products and services due to technological innovations or changing consumer preferences.

Risks of investing in China The fund may invest significantly in China. The Chinese government exercises significant control over China’s economy through its industrial policies (e.g., allocation of resources and other preferential treatment), monetary policy, management of currency exchange rates, and management of the payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations. Changes in these policies could adversely impact affected industries or companies. Additionally, China’s economy may be adversely impacted by trade or political disputes with China’s major trading partners, including the U.S. In addition, as its consumer class emerges, China’s domestically oriented industries may be especially sensitive to changes in government policy and investment cycles. China’s currency, which historically has been managed in a tight range relative to the U.S. dollar, may in the future be subject to greater uncertainty as Chinese authorities change the policies that determine the exchange rate mechanism.

Performance The following performance information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The fund’s performance information represents only past performance (before and after taxes) and is not necessarily an indication of future results.

The following bar chart illustrates how much returns can differ from year to year by showing calendar year returns and the best and worst calendar quarter returns during those years for the fund.

 	 
Summary

5



The following table shows the average annual total returns for the fund, and also compares the returns with the returns of a relevant broad-based market index, as well as with the returns of one or more comparative indexes that have investment characteristics similar to those of the fund.

In addition, the table shows hypothetical after-tax returns to demonstrate how taxes paid by a shareholder may influence returns. After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as a 401(k) account or an IRA.

 	 
T. Rowe Price

6

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Average Annual Total Returns

 	 	 	 
 

 

 

Periods ended

 

 

 	 	
December 31, 2017

 

 

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
 

 

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
Inception

 

 

 	 	
1 Year 

 	 	
5 Years 

 	 	
10 Years 

 	
date

 

 

Institutional Emerging Markets Equity Fund

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
10/31/2002

 	
 

 

 	
Returns before taxes

42.87 

%

 

6.55 

%

 

1.54 

%

 

 

 

 

 	
Returns after taxes on distributions

42.87 

 

 

6.50 

 

 

1.49 

 

 

 

 

 

 	
Returns after taxes on distributions

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 	
and sale of fund shares

24.60 

 

 

5.24 

 

 

1.30 

 

 

 

 

 

 	 	
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MSCI Emerging Markets Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)

 	 	
 

 

 	
37.75 

 

 

4.73 

 

 

2.02 

 

 

 

 

 

Lipper Emerging Markets Funds Average

 	 	
 

 

 	
34.57 

 

 

4.26 

 

 

1.49 

 

 

 

 

Updated performance information is available through troweprice.com.

Management

Investment Adviser T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. (T. Rowe Price)

Investment Sub-adviser T. Rowe Price International Ltd (T. Rowe Price International)

 	 	 	 
Portfolio Manager

Title

Managed Fund Since

Joined Investment
Adviser

Gonzalo Pangaro

Chairman of Investment

Advisory Committee

2008

1998

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The fund generally requires a $2,500 minimum initial investment ($1,000 minimum initial investment if opening an IRA, a custodial account for a minor, or a small business retirement plan account). Additional purchases generally require a $100 minimum. These investment minimums may be waived or modified for financial intermediaries and certain employer-sponsored retirement plans submitting orders on behalf of their customers.

For investors holding shares of the fund directly with T. Rowe Price, you may purchase, redeem, or exchange fund shares by mail; by telephone (1-800-225-5132 for IRAs and nonretirement accounts; 1-800-492-7670 for small business retirement plans; and 1-800-638-8790 for institutional investors and financial intermediaries); or, for certain accounts, by accessing your account online through troweprice.com.

If you hold shares through a financial intermediary or retirement plan, you must purchase, redeem, and exchange shares of the fund through your intermediary or retirement plan. You should check with your intermediary or retirement plan to determine the investment minimums that apply to your account.

 	 
Summary

7

Tax Information

Any dividends or capital gains are declared and paid annually, usually in December. Redemptions or exchanges of fund shares and distributions by the fund, whether or not you reinvest these amounts in additional fund shares, may be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains unless you invest through a tax-deferred account (in which case you will be taxed upon withdrawal from such account).