T. Rowe Price Asia Opportunities Fund
<head_breaker>

nvestment Objective

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund. You may also incur brokerage commissions and other charges when buying or selling shares of the fund, which are not reflected in the table.

Fees and Expenses of the Fund

 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	
Investor
Class

I
Class

Advisor
Class

Shareholder fees (fees paid directly from your investment)

Redemption fee (as a percentage of amount redeemed on shares held for 90 days or less)a

2.00

%

2.00

%

2.00

%

 	 	 	 
Maximum account fee

$20

b

—

—

Annual fund operating expenses
(expenses that you pay each year as a
percentage of the value of your investment)

Management fees

0.79

%

0.79

%

0.79

%

 	 	 	 
Distribution and service (12b-1) fees

—

 	
—

 	
0.25

 
 	 	 	 
Other expenses

0.53

 	
0.31

e

0.57

 
 	 	 	 
Total annual fund operating expenses

1.32

 	
1.10

 	
1.61

 
 	 	 	 
Fee waiver/expense reimbursementc

(0.19

)d

(0.26

)e

(0.36

)f

 	 	 	 
Total annual fund operating expenses after fee waiver/expense reimbursement

1.13

d

0.84

e

1.25

f

a Effective April 1, 2019, the fund will no longer assess a redemption fee on any redemption from the fund (or exchange out of the fund), regardless of how long the shares were held.

b Subject to certain exceptions, accounts with a balance of less than $10,000 are charged an annual $20 fee.

c As a result of class-specific expense limitations, T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. waived fund-level expenses ratably across all classes.

d T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., has agreed (through February 28, 2021) to waive its fees and/or bear any expenses (excluding interest; expenses related to borrowings, taxes, and brokerage; nonrecurring, extraordinary expenses; and acquired fund fees and expenses) that would cause the class’ ratio of expenses to average daily net assets to exceed 1.15%. The agreement may be terminated at any time beyond February 28, 2021, with approval by the fund’s Board of Directors. Fees waived and expenses paid under this agreement (and a previous limitation of 1.15%) are subject to reimbursement to T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., by the fund whenever the class’ expense ratio is below 1.15%. However, no reimbursement will be made more than three years from the date such amounts were initially waived or reimbursed. The fund may only make repayments to T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., if such repayment does not cause the class’ expense ratio (after the repayment is taken into account) to exceed the lesser of: (1) the expense limitation in place at the time such amounts were waived; or (2) the class’ current expense limitation.

 	 
T. ROWE PRICE

2

e T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., has agreed (through February 28, 2021) to pay the operating expenses of the fund’s I Class excluding management fees; interest; expenses related to borrowings, taxes, and brokerage; nonrecurring, extraordinary expenses; and acquired fund fees and expenses (“I Class Operating Expenses”), to the extent the I Class Operating Expenses exceed 0.05% of the class’ average daily net assets. The agreement may be terminated at any time beyond February 28, 2021, with approval by the fund’s Board of Directors. Any expenses paid under this agreement (and a previous limitation of 0.05%) are subject to reimbursement to T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., by the fund whenever the fund’s I Class Operating Expenses are below 0.05%. However, no reimbursement will be made more than three years from the date such amounts were initially waived or reimbursed. The fund may only make repayments to T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., if such repayment does not cause the I Class Operating Expenses (after the repayment is taken into account) to exceed the lesser of: (1) the limitation on I Class Operating Expenses in place at the time such amounts were waived; or (2) the current expense limitation on I Class Operating Expenses.

f T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., has agreed (through February 28, 2021) to waive its fees and/or bear any expenses (excluding interest; expenses related to borrowings, taxes, and brokerage; nonrecurring, extraordinary expenses; and acquired fund fees and expenses) that would cause the class’ ratio of expenses to average daily net assets to exceed 1.25%. The agreement may be terminated at any time beyond February 28, 2021, with approval by the fund’s Board of Directors. Fees waived and expenses paid under this agreement (and a previous limitation of 1.25%) are subject to reimbursement to T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., by the fund whenever the class’ expense ratio is below 1.25%. However, no reimbursement will be made more than three years from the date such amounts were initially waived or reimbursed. The fund may only make repayments to T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., if such repayment does not cause the class’ expense ratio (after the repayment is taken into account) to exceed the lesser of: (1) the expense limitation in place at the time such amounts were waived; or (2) the class’ current expense limitation.

Example This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods, that your investment has a 5% return each year, and that the fund’s operating expenses remain the same. The example also assumes that an expense limitation arrangement currently in place is not renewed; therefore, the figures have been adjusted to reflect fee waivers or expense reimbursements only in the periods for which the expense limitation arrangement is expected to continue. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 	 	 	 	 
 	
1 year

3 years

5 years

10 years

Investor Class

$115

$380

$686

$1,556

I Class

86

297

554

1,292

Advisor Class

127

436

806

1,848

Portfolio Turnover The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when the fund’s shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 78.7% of the average value of its portfolio.

Investments, Risks, and Performance

Principal Investment Strategies The fund normally invests at least 80% of its net assets (including any borrowings for investment purposes) in stocks issued by companies that are located in, or that have economic ties to, Asia (excluding Japan). For purposes of determining whether the fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in Asian companies, the fund relies on the

 	 
SUMMARY

3

country assigned to a security by MSCI Inc. or another unaffiliated data provider. The Asian countries in which the fund normally invests include, but are not limited to, the following:

· Primary Emphasis: China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, and Thailand.

· Others: Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Vietnam.

The fund is “nondiversified,” meaning it may invest a greater portion of its assets in a single company and own more of the company’s voting securities than is permissible for a “diversified” fund. The fund may purchase stocks issued by companies of any size, but typically focuses its investments on large- and mid-cap stocks. The fund may at times invest significantly in certain sectors, such as the information technology and financials sector.

While the adviser invests with an awareness of the outlook for certain industry sectors and individual countries within the region, the adviser’s decision-making process focuses on bottom-up stock selection. Country allocation is driven largely by stock selection, though the adviser may limit investments in markets or industries that appear to have poor overall prospects.

The fund does not normally emphasize either a growth or value bias in selecting investments. The fund relies on a global team of investment analysts dedicated to in-depth fundamental research in an effort to identify high quality companies that we believe will reliably compound earnings and sustain strong cash flows over time. The adviser seeks stocks of companies at reasonable prices in relation to present or anticipated earnings, cash flow, or book value, and selects those stocks that the adviser believes have the most favorable combination of company fundamentals, earnings potential, and relative valuation.

In selecting investments for the fund, the adviser generally favors companies with one or more of the following characteristics:

· well-established companies with leading market positions;

· attractive business niche with the potential to sustain earnings even during times of slow economic growth;

· competitive advantages in an attractive industry;

· proven management with high governance standards;

· demonstrated ability to consistently increase revenues, earnings, and/or cash flows; and

· prudent capital allocation and balance sheet management.

The fund may sell securities for a variety of reasons, such as to secure gains, limit losses, or redeploy assets into more promising opportunities.

Principal Risks As with any mutual fund, there is no guarantee that the fund will achieve its objective. The fund’s share price fluctuates, which means you could lose money by investing in the fund. The principal risks of investing in this fund are summarized as follows:

Active management risks The investment adviser’s judgments about the attractiveness, value, or potential appreciation of the fund’s investments may prove to be incorrect. The fund

 	 
T. ROWE PRICE

4

could underperform in comparison to other funds with a similar benchmark or similar objectives and investment strategies if the fund’s overall investment selections or strategies fail to produce the intended results.

Risks of stock investing Common stocks generally fluctuate in value more than bonds and may decline significantly over short time periods. There is a chance that stock prices overall will decline because stock markets tend to move in cycles, with periods of rising and falling prices. The value of a stock in which the fund invests may decline due to general weakness in the stock market or because of factors that affect a particular company or industry.

International investing risks Investing in the securities of non-U.S. issuers involves special risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. issuers. International securities tend to be more volatile and have lower overall liquidity than investments in U.S. securities and may lose value because of adverse local, political, social, or economic developments overseas, or due to changes in the exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. In addition, international investments are subject to settlement practices and regulatory and financial reporting standards that differ from those of the U.S.

Emerging markets risks The risks of international investing are heightened for securities of issuers in emerging market countries. Emerging market countries tend to have economic structures that are less diverse and mature, and political systems that are less stable, than those of developed countries. In addition to all of the risks of investing in international developed markets, emerging markets are more susceptible to governmental interference, local taxes being imposed on international investments, restrictions on gaining access to the fund’s investments, and less efficient trading markets with lower overall liquidity.

Frontier markets generally have smaller economies and less mature capital markets than emerging markets. As a result, the risks of investing in emerging market countries are magnified in frontier market countries. Frontier markets are more susceptible to abrupt changes in currency values, have less mature markets and settlement practices, and can have lower trading volumes that could lead to greater price volatility and illiquidity.

Geographic concentration risks Because the fund concentrates its investments in a particular geographic region, the fund’s performance is closely tied to the social, political, and economic conditions within that region. Political developments and changes in regulatory, tax, or economic policy in particular countries within the region could significantly affect the markets in those countries as well as the entire region. As a result, the fund is likely to be more volatile than more geographically diverse international funds.

Many Asian economies have at various times been negatively affected by inflation, an over-reliance on international trade, political and social instability, and less developed financial systems and securities trading markets. Trade restrictions, unexpected decreases in exports, changes in government policies, or natural disasters could have a significant impact on companies doing business in Asia. The Asian region, and particularly China and South Korea, may be adversely affected by political, military, economic, and other factors related to North Korea.

 	 
SUMMARY

5

Risks of investing in China The fund may invest significantly in China. The Chinese government has historically exercised significant control over China’s economy and its financial markets through, among other things, its monetary policies and allocation of resources, management of currency exchange rates, preferential treatment or restrictions relating to industries deemed sensitive to national interests, and limitations on foreign ownership of Chinese securities. Although economic reforms have liberalized trade policy and reduced government control, changes in these policies or increased government intervention could adversely impact affected industries or companies. China’s currency, which historically has been managed in a tight range relative to the U.S. dollar, may in the future be subject to greater uncertainty as Chinese authorities change the policies that determine the official currency exchange rate. Additionally, the Chinese economy is highly dependent on the exportation of products and services, and could experience a significant slowdown due to a reduction in global demand for Chinese exports, contraction in spending on domestic goods by Chinese consumers, and trade or political disputes with China’s major trading partners. The U.S. and China have been imposing tariffs on certain goods traded between the countries. Heightened trade tensions between the U.S. and China, and the institution of additional tariffs or trade barriers between China and any of its key trading partners, including the U.S., could have a significant adverse impact on the Chinese economy.

Nondiversification risks As a nondiversified fund, the fund has the ability to invest a larger percentage of its assets in the securities of a smaller number of issuers than a diversified fund. As a result, poor performance by a single issuer could adversely affect fund performance more than if the fund were invested in a larger number of issuers. The fund’s share price can be expected to fluctuate more than that of a comparable diversified fund.

Investment style risks The fund’s emphasis on high quality companies may cause it to underperform the broader stock market or similar funds that invest in lower quality companies since prices of higher risk stocks often rise more quickly in the early stages of a market rally. Although stocks issued by larger companies tend to have less overall volatility than stocks issued by smaller companies, larger companies may not be able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during strong economic periods. In addition, larger companies may be less capable of responding quickly to competitive challenges and industry changes, and may suffer sharper price declines as a result of earnings disappointments.

Market capitalization risks The fund’s focus on large companies subjects the fund to the risks that larger companies may not be able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during strong economic periods, and that they may be less capable of responding quickly to competitive challenges and industry changes. Because the fund may invest in companies of any size, its share price could be more volatile than a fund that invests only in large companies. Small and medium-sized companies typically have less experienced management, narrower product lines, more limited financial resources, and less publicly available information than larger companies.

Sector concentration risks At times, the fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies conducting business in a broadly related group of industries

 	 
T. ROWE PRICE

6

within an economic sector. Companies in the same economic sector may be similarly affected by economic or market events, making the fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that economic sector than funds that invest more broadly. For example, the fund may have a significant portion of its assets invested in securities of companies in the information technology and financials sectors. Companies in the financials sector may be adversely impacted by, among other things, regulatory changes, economic conditions, interest rates, credit rating downgrades, and decreased liquidity in credit markets. Companies in the information technology sector can be adversely affected by, among other things, intense competition, earnings disappointments, and rapid obsolescence of products and services due to technological innovations or changing consumer preferences.

Performance The following performance information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The fund’s performance information represents only past performance (before and after taxes) and is not necessarily an indication of future results.

The following bar chart illustrates how much returns can differ from year to year by showing calendar year returns and the best and worst calendar quarter returns during those years for the fund’s Investor Class. Returns for other share classes vary since they have different expenses.



The following table shows the average annual total returns for each class of the fund that has been in operation for at least one full calendar year, and also compares the returns with the returns of a relevant broad-based market index, as well as with the returns of one or more comparative indexes that have investment characteristics similar to those of the fund.

 	 
SUMMARY

7

In addition, the table shows hypothetical after-tax returns to demonstrate how taxes paid by a shareholder may influence returns. After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as a 401(k) account or an IRA. After-tax returns are shown only for the Investor Class and will differ for other share classes.

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Average Annual Total Returns

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Periods ended

 

 

 

 

December 31, 2018

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Since

Inception

 

 

 

 

1 Year 

 

 

 

inception

date

 

 

Investor Class

 

 

 

 

 

 

05/21/2014

 

 

 

 

Returns before taxes

-11.16 

%

 

 

7.13 

%

 

 

 

 	 	
Returns after taxes on distributions

-11.15 

 	
 

 

6.93 

 	 	 	 
 	 	
Returns after taxes on distributions

and sale of fund shares

-6.35 

 	
 

 

5.61 

 	 	 	 
 

I Class

 

 

 

 

 

 

03/06/2017

 

 

 

 

Returns before taxes

-11.01 

 

 

 

9.44 

 

 

 

 

 

Advisor Class

 

 

 

 

 

 

05/21/2014

 

 

 

 

Returns before taxes

-11.26 

 

 

 

6.96 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan Index Net (reflects no deduction for fees or expenses)a

 

 

 

 

 

 	
 

 

 

3.64 

b

 

 

 

 

 

-14.37 

 

 

 

5.99 

c

 

 

 

 	
MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)

 	 	 	 
 	 	
 

 

 

 

3.94 

b

 	 	 
 	 	
-14.12 

 

 

 

6.31 

c

 	 	 
 

Lipper Pacific Ex-Japan Funds Average

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2.36 

d

 

 

 

 

 

-16.16 

 

 

 

3.82 

e

 

 

 

a Effective July 1, 2018, the MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan Index Net replaced the MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan Index as the fund’s primary benchmark. The new index assumes the reinvestment of dividends after the deduction of withholding taxes applicable to the country where the dividend is paid; as such, the returns of the new benchmark are more representative of the returns experienced by investors in foreign issuers.

b Return since 5/21/14.

c Return since 3/6/17.

d Return since 5/31/14.

e Return since 2/28/17.

Updated performance information is available through troweprice.com.

Management

Investment Adviser T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. (T. Rowe Price)

Investment Subadviser T. Rowe Price Hong Kong Limited (Price Hong Kong)

 	 
T. ROWE PRICE

8

 	 	 	 
Portfolio Manager

Title

Managed
Fund
Since

Joined
Investment
Adviser

Eric C. Moffett

Chairman of Investment

Advisory Committee

2014

2007

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The fund (other than the I Class) generally requires a $2,500 minimum initial investment ($1,000 minimum initial investment if opening an IRA, a custodial account for a minor, or a small business retirement plan account). Additional purchases generally require a $100 minimum. These investment minimums may be waived or modified for financial intermediaries and certain employer-sponsored retirement plans submitting orders on behalf of their customers. Advisor Class shares may generally only be purchased through a financial intermediary or retirement plan.

The I Class requires a $1 million minimum initial investment and there is no minimum for additional purchases, although the initial investment minimum generally is waived for customers of intermediaries, certain retirement plans, and certain institutional client accounts for which T. Rowe Price or its affiliate has discretionary investment authority.

For investors holding shares of the fund directly with T. Rowe Price, you may purchase, redeem, or exchange fund shares by mail; by telephone (1-800-225-5132 for IRAs and nonretirement accounts; 1-800-492-7670 for small business retirement plans; and 1-800-638-8790 for institutional investors and financial intermediaries); or, for certain accounts, by accessing your account online through troweprice.com.

If you hold shares through a financial intermediary or retirement plan, you must purchase, redeem, and exchange shares of the fund through your intermediary or retirement plan. You should check with your intermediary or retirement plan to determine the investment minimums that apply to your account.

Tax Information

Any dividends or capital gains are declared and paid annually, usually in December. Redemptions or exchanges of fund shares and distributions by the fund, whether or not you reinvest these amounts in additional fund shares, may be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains unless you invest through a tax-deferred account (in which case you will be taxed upon withdrawal from such account).

Payments to Broker-Dealers and Other Financial Intermediaries

If you purchase shares of the fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), the fund and its related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of fund shares and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.