T. Rowe Price Institutional International Concentrated Equity Fund
<head_breaker>

SUMMARY

Investment Objective

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital through investments in stocks of non-U.S. companies.

Fees and Expenses

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the fund. You may also incur brokerage commissions and other charges when buying or selling shares of the fund, which are not reflected in the table.

Fees and Expenses of the Fund

 	 	 
Shareholder fees (fees paid directly from your investment)

Redemption fee (as a percentage of amount redeemed on shares held for 90 days or less)

2.00

%

 	 
Annual fund operating expenses
(expenses that you pay each year as a
percentage of the value of your investment)

Management fees

0.65

%

 	 
Other expenses

0.08

 
 	 
Total annual fund operating expenses

0.73

 
 	 
Fee waiver/expense reimbursement

0.02

a

 	 
Total annual fund operating expenses after fee waiver/expense reimbursement

0.75

a

a T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., has agreed (through February 28, 2019) to waive its fees and/or bear any expenses (excluding interest; expenses related to borrowings, taxes, and brokerage; nonrecurring, extraordinary expenses; and acquired fund fees and expenses) that would cause the fund’s ratio of expenses to average daily net assets to exceed 0.75%. The agreement may be terminated at any time beyond February 28, 2019, with approval by the fund’s Board of Directors. Fees waived and expenses paid under this agreement (and a previous limitation of 0.75%) are subject to reimbursement to T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., by the fund whenever the fund’s expense ratio is below 0.75%. However, no reimbursement will be made more than three years from the date such amounts were initially waived or reimbursed. The fund may only make repayments to T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., if such repayment does not cause the fund’s expense ratio (after the repayment is taken into account) to exceed both: (1) the expense limitation in place at the time such amounts were waived; and (2) the fund’s current expense limitation.

Example This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at the end of those periods, that your investment has a 5% return each year, and that the fund’s operating expenses remain the same. The example also assumes that an expense limitation arrangement currently in place is not renewed; therefore, the figures have been adjusted to reflect fee waivers or expense reimbursements only in the periods for which the expense limitation arrangement is expected to continue. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 	 
T. Rowe Price

2

 	 	 	 
1 year

3 years

5 years

10 years

$77

$235

$408

$908

Portfolio Turnover The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when the fund’s shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund’s performance. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 112.1% of the average value of its portfolio.

Investments, Risks, and Performance

Principal Investment Strategies The fund expects to primarily invest in stocks of companies located outside the U.S. Under normal conditions, the fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets (including any borrowings for investment purposes) in stocks of non-U.S. companies and no more than 15% of its net assets will be invested in stocks of companies in emerging markets. For purposes of determining whether the fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in non-U.S. stocks, the fund relies on the country assigned to a security by MSCI Inc. or another unaffiliated data provider. Because the fund focuses on developed markets outside the U.S., it typically has significant exposure to companies in Europe.

The fund intends to invest in a relatively small number of holdings. Its portfolio is expected to hold 40 to 60 different stocks, although the number could vary depending on market conditions. The fund is “nondiversified,” meaning it may invest a greater portion of its assets in a single company and own more of the company’s voting securities than is permissible for a “diversified” fund.

While the adviser invests with an awareness of the global economic backdrop and the adviser’s outlook for certain industries, sectors, and individual countries, the adviser’s decision-making process focuses on bottom-up stock selection. Country allocation is driven largely by stock selection, though the adviser may limit investments in markets or industries that appear to have poor overall prospects.

The fund may purchase the stocks of companies of any size, but typically focuses on larger companies, and does not emphasize either a growth or value bias in selecting investments. The adviser will select securities that the adviser believes have the most favorable combination of company fundamentals, earnings potential, and relative valuation.

The fund may sell securities for a variety of reasons, such as to secure gains, limit losses, or redeploy assets into more promising opportunities.

Principal Risks As with any mutual fund, there is no guarantee that the fund will achieve its objective. The fund’s share price fluctuates, which means you could lose money by investing in the fund. The principal risks of investing in this fund are summarized as follows:

 	 
Summary

3

Active management risks The investment adviser’s judgments about the attractiveness, value, or potential appreciation of the fund’s investments may prove to be incorrect. The fund could underperform in comparison to other funds with a similar benchmark or similar objectives and investment strategies if the fund’s overall investment selections or strategies fail to produce the intended results.

Risks of stock investing Stocks generally fluctuate in value more than bonds and may decline significantly over short time periods. There is a chance that stock prices overall will decline because stock markets tend to move in cycles, with periods of rising and falling prices. The value of a stock in which the fund invests may decline due to general weakness in the stock market or because of factors that affect a particular company or industry.

International investing risks Investing in the securities of non-U.S. issuers involves special risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. issuers. International securities tend to be more volatile and less liquid than investments in U.S. securities and may lose value because of adverse local, political, social, or economic developments overseas, or due to changes in the exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. In addition, international investments are subject to settlement practices and regulatory and financial reporting standards that differ from those of the U.S. These risks are heightened for the fund’s investments in emerging markets, which are more susceptible to governmental interference, less efficient trading markets, and the imposition of local taxes and restrictions on gaining access to sales proceeds for foreign investors.

Geographic concentration risks To the extent the fund concentrates its investments in a particular geographic region, the fund’s performance is closely tied to the social, political, and economic conditions within that region. Political developments and changes in regulatory, tax, or economic policy in particular countries within the region could significantly affect the markets in those countries as well as the entire region. As a result, the fund is likely to be more volatile than more geographically diverse international funds.

The European financial markets have been experiencing increased volatility due to concerns over rising government debt levels of several European countries, and these events may continue to significantly affect all of Europe. European economies could be significantly affected by rising unemployment, the imposition or unexpected elimination of fiscal and monetary controls by member countries of the European Economic and Monetary Union, uncertainty surrounding the euro, and the success of governmental actions to reduce budget deficits.

Nondiversification risks As a nondiversified fund, the fund has the ability to invest a larger percentage of its assets in the securities of a smaller number of issuers than a diversified fund. As a result, poor performance by a single issuer could adversely affect fund performance more than if the fund were invested in a larger number of

 	 
T. Rowe Price

4

issuers. The fund’s share price can be expected to fluctuate more than that of a comparable diversified fund.

Market capitalization risks The fund’s focus on large companies subjects the fund to the risks that larger companies may not be able to attain the high growth rates of successful smaller companies, especially during strong economic periods, and that they may be less capable of responding quickly to competitive challenges and industry changes. Because the fund may invest in companies of any size, its share price could be more volatile than a fund that invests only in large companies. Small and medium-sized companies typically have less experienced management, narrower product lines, more limited financial resources, and less publicly available information than larger companies.

Portfolio turnover risks The fund may actively and frequently trade its portfolio securities or other instruments to carry out its investment strategies. High portfolio turnover may adversely affect the fund’s performance and increase transaction costs, which could increase the fund’s expenses. High portfolio turnover may also result in the distribution of higher capital gains when compared to a fund with less active trading policies, which could have an adverse tax impact if the fund’s shares are held in a taxable account.

Performance The following performance information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. The fund’s performance information represents only past performance (before and after taxes) and is not necessarily an indication of future results.

The following bar chart illustrates how much returns can differ from year to year by showing calendar year returns and the best and worst calendar quarter returns during those years for the fund.

 	 
Summary

5



The following table shows the average annual total returns for the fund, and also compares the returns with the returns of a relevant broad-based market index, as well as with the returns of one or more comparative indexes that have investment characteristics similar to those of the fund.

In addition, the table shows hypothetical after-tax returns to demonstrate how taxes paid by a shareholder may influence returns. After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as a 401(k) account or an IRA.

 	 
T. Rowe Price

6

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Average Annual Total Returns

 	 	 	 	 	 
 

 

 

Periods ended

 

 

 	 	
December 31, 2017

 

 

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
 

 

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
Since

Inception

 

 

 	 	
1 Year 

 	 	
5 Years 

 	 	 	
inception

date

 

 

Institutional International Concentrated Equity Fund

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
07/27/2010

 	
 

 

 	
Returns before taxes

21.69 

%

 

8.87 

%

 

 

9.30

%

 

 

 

 

 	
Returns after taxes on distributions

19.22 

 

 

7.08 

 

 

 

7.67

 

 

 

 

 

 	
Returns after taxes on distributions

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 	
and sale of fund shares

12.84 

 

 

6.38 

 

 

 

6.95

 

 

 

 

 

 	 	
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MSCI EAFE Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)

 	 	 	
 

 

 	
25.62 

 

 

8.39 

 

 

 

7.96

a

 

 

 

 

Lipper International Multi-Cap Core Funds Average

 	 	 	
 

 

 	
25.23 

 

 

7.57 

 

 

 

7.27

b

 

 	
 

a Return as of 7/27/10.

b Return as of 7/31/10.

Updated performance information is available through troweprice.com.

Management

Investment Adviser T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. (T. Rowe Price)

Investment Sub-adviser T. Rowe Price International Ltd (T. Rowe Price International)

 	 	 	 
Portfolio Manager

Title

Managed Fund Since

Joined Investment
Adviser

Federico Santilli

Chairman of Investment

Advisory Committee

2010

2001

Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares

The fund generally requires a $1,000,000 minimum initial investment and there is no minimum for additional purchases, although the initial investment minimum may be waived for certain types of accounts held through a retirement plan, financial advisor, or other financial intermediary.

For investors holding shares of the fund directly with T. Rowe Price, you may purchase, redeem, or exchange fund shares by mail or by telephone
(1-800-638-8790).

If you hold shares through a financial intermediary or retirement plan, you must purchase, redeem, and exchange shares of the fund through your intermediary or retirement plan. You should check with your intermediary or retirement plan to determine the investment minimums that apply to your account.

 	 
Summary

7

Tax Information

Any dividends or capital gains are declared and paid annually, usually in December. Redemptions or exchanges of fund shares and distributions by the fund, whether or not you reinvest these amounts in additional fund shares, may be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains unless you invest through a tax-deferred account (in which case you will be taxed upon withdrawal from such account).